Word	Definition	Example Sentence
abandon	vt. 抛弃;放弃	abandon - The team had to abandon the project due to budget cuts.
abandonment	n.放弃	abandonment - The abandonment of the old policy was welcomed by most employees.
abasement	n.身份低微；屈尊；降低	abasement - He refused to endure the abasement of being publicly criticized.
abbreviation	n. 缩略语	abbreviation - “CEO” is the abbreviation of “Chief Executive Officer”.
abeyance	n.缓办，中止	abeyance - The plan has been held in abeyance until we receive further instructions.
abide	vi. (by)遵守，坚持；(abode)持续，住，逗留vt. 容忍，忍受；等候	abide - You must abide by the company’s safety regulations at all times.
ability	n. 能力；本领；才能，才干；专门技能，天资	ability - Her ability to solve complex problems makes her a valuable team member.
able	a. 有(能力、时间、知识等)做某事，有本事的	able - She is able to finish the report within the given deadline.
abnormal	a. 变态的,反常的	abnormal - The abnormal data in the system needs to be checked immediately.
aboard	ad./prep. 在船(飞机、车)上ad. 上船(飞机)	aboard - All passengers must be aboard the flight 30 minutes before departure.
abolish	vt. 废除	abolish - The government decided to abolish the outdated tax law.
abolition	n.废除，取消	abolition - The abolition of the rule improved the working environment significantly.
abortion	n.流产	abortion - The debate about abortion rights continues in many countries.
abortive	adj.无效果的，失败的	abortive - Their abortive attempt to launch the product led to a thorough review.
about	ad. 在周围；大约prep. 关于；在周围a. 准备	about - Let’s discuss the details about the upcoming meeting.
above	a. 上述的ad. 在上面prep. 在…之上，高于	above - The points mentioned above are crucial for the success of the project.
above-mentioned	adj.上述的	above-mentioned - Please refer to the above-mentioned document for more information.
abreast	adv.并肩，并列	abreast - We need to keep abreast of the latest industry trends to stay competitive.
abridge	vt. (书等)删节	abridge - The manager asked her to abridge the long proposal into a one-page summary.
abroad	ad. 到国外，在国外；在传播，在流传	abroad - He was sent abroad to attend an international conference last month.
abrogate	v.取消，废除	abrogate - The two companies agreed to abrogate the original contract and sign a new one.
abrogation	n.取消，废除	abrogation - The abrogation of the agreement caused some disputes between the parties.
abrupt	a. 突然的;粗暴的	abrupt - The abrupt change in the schedule caught everyone by surprise.
abruptly	adv.突然地	abruptly - The meeting was abruptly ended because of an emergency.
absence	n. 缺乏，不存在；缺席，不在；缺席的时间	absence - His absence from the meeting was due to a family emergency.
absent	a. 缺席的；缺乏的，不存在的；心不在焉的	absent - She was absent from work for three days because of illness.
absent-minded	adj.心不在焉的	absent-minded - The absent-minded employee forgot to submit the important file.
absolute	a. 绝对的，完全的；确实的，肯定的	absolute - There is no absolute solution to this complicated problem.
absolutely	ad.完全地；绝对地	absolutely - I absolutely agree with your suggestion about the new marketing strategy.
absorb	vt. 吸收;吸引…的注意,使全神贯注	absorb - The company needs to absorb the new regulations before launching the product.
absorption	n.吸收；专注	absorption - The absorption of the small firm helped the company expand its market share.
abstract	a. 抽象的;n. (书籍、演说等的)摘要	abstract - The abstract of the research paper is usually no more than 300 words.
abstraction	n.抽象，提取	abstraction - His speech was full of abstractions and lacked practical examples.
absurd	a. 荒谬的,可笑的	absurd - It is absurd to expect the team to finish the task in one day.
absurdity	n.荒唐(事)	absurdity - No one could stand the absurdity of his unreasonable demands.
abundance	n. 丰富	abundance - The region is known for its abundance of natural resources.
abundant	a. 大量(充足)的；(in)丰富(富裕)的	abundant - We have abundant evidence to prove our point of view.
abuse	n./vt. 滥用;虐待;辱骂	abuse - The abuse of power by some officials was severely punished.
academic	a. 学术的;学校的	academic - She has a strong academic background in computer science.
academy	n. (高等)专科院校；学术社团，协会，研究院	academy - He graduated from a famous military academy last year.
accede	v.同意	accede - The country finally acceded to the international trade agreement.
accelerate	v. 加速,变快	accelerate - We need to accelerate the production process to meet the market demand.
acceleration	n.加速；加速度	acceleration - The acceleration of the project progress was praised by the client.
accent	n. 口音，腔调；重音(符号)vt. 重读	accent - She speaks English with a slight French accent.
accept	vt. 接受，领受；认可，同意vi. 同意，认可	accept - We are pleased to accept your invitation to the cooperation forum.
acceptable	a.可接受的，合意的	acceptable - Your proposal is acceptable, but we need to make some minor adjustments.
acceptance	n. 接受，接收，验收，接纳；承认，认可	acceptance - The acceptance of the new policy took longer than expected.
access	vt. 存取(计算机文件); n. 通道;入口;接近,进入;(to)接近(或进入、享用)的机会	access - Employees can get access to the database with their ID cards.
accessible	adj.可接近的	accessible - The new office building is accessible to people with disabilities.
accessory	n. 同谋者;附件	accessory - The company sells smartphones and their related accessories.
accident	n. 意外遭遇，事故；意外(因素)	accident - A traffic accident on the highway caused a delay in the delivery.
accidental	a. 偶然的；意外的；无意中的	accidental - The damage to the equipment was accidental and not intentional.
accidentally	adv.偶尔，附带	accidentally - She accidentally deleted the important files from her computer.
accommodate	vt. 提供住宿;使适应;容纳	accommodate - The hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests at a time.
accommodation	n. 住宿，留宿；膳宿供应	accommodation - The company provides free accommodation for its overseas staff.
accompaniment	n.伴侣，伴奏	accompaniment - The piano is a perfect accompaniment to her singing.
accompany	vt. 陪伴;伴奏	accompany - The manager will accompany the client to visit the factory tomorrow.
accomplish	vt. 完成,实现	accomplish - We need to accomplish the target before the end of the quarter.
accomplishment	n.成就	accomplishment - Finishing the project ahead of schedule was a great accomplishment for the team.
accord	vi. 相一致;相符合; vt. 授予,赠与; n. 一致,符合;(尤指国与国之间的)谅解	accord - His opinion is in accord with the majority of the team members.
accordance	n. 一致，和谐，符合	accordance - We act in accordance with the company’s established rules and procedures.
according	adj.按照，据说	according - According to the latest report, the sales have increased by 20%.
accordingly	ad. 相应地，照着办，按照；于是，因此	accordingly - The deadline has been extended, and we will adjust our plan accordingly.
account	n. 账目;账户;计算;vt./vi. 说明	account - Please open a business account at the bank before starting the company.
accountant	n. 会计人员，会计师	accountant - The accountant is responsible for managing the company’s financial records.
accounting	n.会计学	accounting - He majored in accounting and now works for a multinational firm.
accrue	v.产生，发生	accrue - Interest will accrue on the loan if you fail to repay it on time.
accrued	adj.增值的，应计的	accrued - The accrued expenses need to be recorded in this month’s financial statement.
accumulate	v. 积累,积聚	accumulate - It takes time to accumulate experience in the software development field.
accumulation	n.积累	accumulation - The accumulation of dust on the equipment may affect its performance.
accumulative	adj.积累的	accumulative - The accumulative sales volume of the product has reached 1 million units.
accuracy	n. 准确(性)；精确；准确度	accuracy - The accuracy of the data is essential for making correct decisions.
accurate	a. 正确无误的；准确的，精确的	accurate - Please provide an accurate estimate of the project cost.
accurately	adj.准确地	accurately - The machine can accurately measure the temperature and humidity in the room.
accusation	n.控告	accusation - He denied the accusation of violating the company’s code of conduct.
accuse	vt. 控告	accuse - The customer accused the company of providing defective products.
accustom	vt.使习惯	accustom - It takes time to accustom yourself to the new work environment.
ache	vi. 痛；哀怜n. (指连续)疼痛、酸痛	ache - She felt a sharp ache in her back after working for hours.
aching	adj.疼痛的	aching - His aching legs made it hard for him to walk to the office.
achieve	vt. 完成,达到	achieve - The team worked hard to achieve the sales target set by the company.
achievement	n.完成；成就，成绩	achievement - Winning the industry award is a remarkable achievement for the startup.
acid	a. 酸的,尖刻的 n. 酸	acid - The lab needs to store the acid in a sealed container to avoid accidents.
acknowledge	vt. 承认;表示收到信件;表示感谢	acknowledge - The company acknowledged the problem and promised to fix it soon.
acknowledgment	n.承认，鸣谢，回执	acknowledgment - We sent an acknowledgment email to confirm receipt of the order.
acquaint	vt. 使熟悉;使认识,介绍	acquaint - Let me acquaint you with the company’s internal communication rules.
acquaintance	n. 认识，相识，了解；相识的人，熟人	acquaintance - He is just a business acquaintance, not a close friend.
acquainted	adj.熟悉的	acquainted - I became acquainted with her during a business trip last year.
acquire	vt. 获得,取得	acquire - The company plans to acquire a small tech firm to expand its business.
acquisition	n. 取得，学到，养成(习惯)；获得的东西	acquisition - The acquisition of the company was completed last month.
acre	n. 英亩；田地；地产	acre - The factory is built on a piece of land covering 50 acres.
acrobat	n. 特技演员，杂技演员	acrobat - The acrobat performed a series of amazing tricks on the stage.
acrobatics	n.杂技	acrobatics - His acrobatics skills impressed the audience at the talent show.
across	prep. 横过，越过；在的对面ad. 横过，穿过	across - The office is just across the street from the subway station.
act	v. 表演；举动；起作用n. 行为，法令；一幕	act - You must act immediately to solve the problem before it gets worse.
action	n. 行动，动作；作用；运转；行为；战斗	action - Immediate action is needed to improve the customer service quality.
activate	vt. 使活动;触发	activate - You need to activate the software with the license key provided.
active	adj. 活跃的，敏捷的，积极的；在活动中的	active - She is an active participant in the company’s volunteer activities.
actively	adv.积极地，活跃地	actively - We are actively looking for partners to cooperate with on this project.
activity	n. 活动；活力；能动性；	activity - The company’s team-building activity will be held next Friday.
actor	n. 男演员；演员，行动者	actor - He used to be a stage actor before he started his own business.
actress	n. 女演员	actress - The famous actress was invited to be the brand ambassador of the company.
actual	a. 实际的；现实的，真实的，目前的	actual - The actual cost of the project was higher than our initial estimate.
actuality	n.实际	actuality - In actuality, the plan is not as easy to implement as it seems.
actually	ad.实际上；竟然	actually - I actually finished the report yesterday, not today.
acute	a. 厉害的;敏锐的;(疾病等)急性的	acute - The company is facing an acute shortage of skilled workers.
A.D.	(缩)公元	A.D. - The historical relic dates back to 500 A.D.
ad	n.广告	ad - We saw an ad for the new product in the local newspaper.
adapt	vt. 使适应;改编	adapt - The software needs to adapt to different operating systems.
adaptation	n.适应	adaptation - The adaptation of the product for the overseas market took six months.
add	vt. 加；增加(进)；进一步说/写vi. (to)增添	add - Please add your comments to the document before submitting it.
addition	n. 加，加法；附加部分，增加(物)	addition - In addition to the salary, the company offers a generous bonus.
additional	a. 额外的，附加的，另外的	additional - We need additional time to complete the research.
additive	adj.附加的n.添加剂	additive - This food additive is safe for human consumption according to the standard.
address	n. 住址,致词 vt. 向…致词,在信封上写姓名、住址	address - The manager will address the team’s concerns in the meeting tomorrow.
adequate	a. 充分的;可胜任的	adequate - We need to provide adequate training for the new employees.
adequately	adv.恰当地	adequately - The project was not adequately funded, leading to a delay.
adhere	vi. 粘着;坚持;忠于	adhere - All employees must adhere to the dress code of the company.
adhesive	n.粘合剂	adhesive - This adhesive is strong enough to bond metal and plastic.
adjacent	a. 邻接的,邻近的	adjacent - Our office is located in the building adjacent to the park.
adjective	n. 形容词a. 形容词的，用作形容词的	adjective - In the sentence “She is a smart engineer”, “smart” is an adjective.
adjoin	vt. 贴近,与…毗连	adjoin - The warehouse adjoins the main factory building for convenience.
adjust	vt. 校准,调整;改变…以适应	adjust - You can adjust the settings of the software to suit your needs.
adjustable	a.可调整的，可校准的	adjustable - The chair has an adjustable height to fit different users.
adjustment	n.调整	adjustment - A minor adjustment to the plan will improve its feasibility.
administer	vt. 掌管,料理…的事务;实施;给予,派给,投(药)	administer - The HR department is responsible for administering the employee benefits.
administration	n. 经营，管理；行政，行政机关，管理部门	administration - The company’s administration team is in charge of daily operations.
administrative	adj.行政管理的	administrative - He works in the administrative department and handles paperwork.
admirable	adj.可钦佩的	admirable - Her dedication to the project is truly admirable.
admiration	n.钦佩；赞美，羡慕	admiration - The team expressed their admiration for the leader’s leadership.
admire	vt. 钦佩，赞赏，羡慕；称赞，夸奖	admire - We admire her ability to handle pressure in difficult situations.
admission	n. 准许进(加)入;入场费,入场券;承认,供认	admission - The admission to the trade show is free for registered visitors.
admit	vt. 承认，供认；准许…进入，准许…加入	admit - The company admitted that there was a flaw in the product design.
admittedly	adv.明白地	admittedly - Admittedly, the project has encountered some unexpected difficulties.
adolescence	n. 青春,青春期	adolescence - He developed an interest in computer science during his adolescence.
adolescent	n. 青少年a. 青春期的，青少年的	adolescent - The program is designed to help adolescents develop practical skills.
adopt	vt. 收养;采用	adopt - The company decided to adopt a new management system to improve efficiency.
adoption	n.收养；采纳，采取	adoption - The adoption of the new technology increased the production capacity by 30%.
adore	vt. 崇拜;非常喜爱	adore - The customers adore the brand for its high-quality products and good service.
adorn	v.装饰，佩带	adorn - The office is adorned with paintings created by local artists.
adornment	n.装饰(品)	adornment - The simple adornment on the desk makes the office look more lively.
adult	n. 成年人a. 成年的，充分长成的，成熟的	adult - All adult employees are required to attend the safety training.
advance	n. 前进，预付vi. 前进，进展vt. 促进，推进	advance - We need to advance the meeting time to next Monday due to schedule conflicts.
advanced	a. 超前的，先进的；高级的；开明的；前进的	advanced - The company uses advanced technology to improve product quality.
advantage	n. 优点，长处，有利条件；利益，好处	advantage - The main advantage of the product is its low price and high performance.
advantageous	a.有利的，有助的	advantageous - The partnership will be advantageous to both companies in the long run.
adventure	n. 冒险，冒险活动，奇遇vt. 大胆进行	adventure - He quit his job to go on an adventure around the world.
adventurous	adj.冒险的	adventurous - The company is looking for adventurous employees to explore new markets.
adverb	n. 副词a. 副词的	adverb - In the sentence “She works efficiently”, “efficiently” is an adverb.
adverbial	adj.副词的	adverbial - The phrase “in the office” functions as an adverbial in this sentence.
adversary	adj.敌手，对手	adversary - The company turned its former adversary into a strategic partner.
adverse	a. 不利的;逆的;(天气)恶劣的	adverse - The adverse weather conditions delayed the delivery of the goods.
adversity	n.逆境，不幸	adversity - The team overcame many adversities to complete the project successfully.
advertise	v. 做广告	advertise - The company plans to advertise its new product on social media platforms.
advertising	adj.广告的	advertising - The advertising campaign helped increase the product’s brand awareness.
advertisement	n.广告；公告；登广告	advertisement - We placed an advertisement in the industry magazine to attract customers.
advice	n. 劝告，忠告，(医生等的)意见	advice - You should follow the advice of the experienced colleagues in the team.
advisable	a. 可取的，适当的，明智的	advisable - It is advisable to double-check the data before submitting the report.
advise	vt. 忠告，劝告，建议；通知，告知	advise - The consultant advised the company to invest in renewable energy.
adviser	n.顾问	adviser - He works as a financial adviser for a number of small businesses.
advocate	n. 倡导者;辩护人;vt. 提倡,支持	advocate - She is a strong advocate for environmental protection in the workplace.
aerial	a. 空气的,空中的 n. (无线电)天线	aerial - The aerial view of the factory shows the layout of the production lines clearly.
aeroplane	n.飞机	aeroplane - We took an aeroplane to attend the international conference in Paris.
affair	n.事务；事情(件)；(个人的)事	affair - The manager is in charge of all the company’s financial affairs.
affect	vt. 影响	affect - The change in the market demand will affect the company’s sales strategy.
affection	n. 喜爱;爱情	affection - He has a deep affection for the company where he has worked for 20 years.
affectionate	adj.充满感情的	affectionate - The team has an affectionate atmosphere where everyone helps each other.
affiliate	v. 使隶属于;使加入	affiliate - The company is an affiliate of a large multinational corporation.
affirm	v. 断定,肯定	affirm - The CEO affirmed that the company would continue to invest in research and development.
affirmation	n.确定，确认	affirmation - The affirmation from the client boosted the team’s morale significantly.
affirmative	adj.肯定的	affirmative - The response from the supplier was affirmative, so we can proceed with the order.
afford	vt. 付得起;冒险;供给	afford - The company cannot afford to ignore the feedback from its customers.
affordable	adj.买得起的	affordable - The company launched an affordable version of the product for the mass market.
afloat	adj.航行中的	afloat - The small business managed to stay afloat during the economic downturn.
aforesaid	adj.上述的	aforesaid - The aforesaid rules apply to all employees regardless of their positions.
afraid	adj. 害怕的，恐惧的；犯愁的，不乐意的	afraid - She is afraid of missing the deadline for the project submission.
Africa	n.非洲	Africa - The company plans to expand its business to Africa next year.
African	a.非洲的 n.非洲人	African - We are looking for partners who have experience in the African market.
after	prep. 在…以后；在…后面adv. 以后，后来	after - We will have a team dinner after the meeting is over.
afternoon	n. 下午，午后	afternoon - The presentation is scheduled for the afternoon of next Wednesday.
afterward	ad.后来，以后	afterward - We discussed the follow-up plan afterward.
again	ad. 再次，另一次；重新；除此，再，更，还	again - Please read the instructions again to avoid making mistakes.
against	prep. 对着，逆；反对；违反；紧靠着；对比	against - The new policy is against the interests of the small businesses.
age	n. 年龄；时代；老年；长时间v. (使)变老	age - The average age of the team members is 35 years old.
agency	n. 代理商(社)	agency - We hired a marketing agency to promote our new product.
agent	n. 代理人；代理商；产生作用的人或事物	agent - The sales agent will contact you to confirm the order details.
aggravate	vt. 使恶化;使加剧;使气恼	aggravate - The delay in the delivery will aggravate the relationship with the client.
aggravation	n.加重，恶化	aggravation - The aggravation of the problem was caused by the lack of timely response.
aggregate	n. 共计,合计	aggregate - The aggregate sales of the company reached $10 million last year.
aggregation	n.总计，集合	aggregation - The aggregation of data from different sources took a lot of time.
aggression	n.侵略	aggression - The company condemned the unfair competition and commercial aggression from its rivals.
aggressive	a. 侵略的;有进取心的	aggressive - The company adopted an aggressive marketing strategy to capture the market share.
aggressor	n.侵略者	aggressor - The company was regarded as the aggressor in the trade dispute.
agitate	v. 摇动(液体)；使焦虑不安；困扰；鼓动	agitate - The employees began to agitate for better working conditions.
agitation	n. 摇动;焦虑	agitation - The agitation among the staff was calmed down after the manager’s explanation.
ago	ad. (常和一般过去时的动词连用)以前，…前	ago - The company was founded ten years ago in a small garage.
agonize	v.使痛苦	agonize - The manager agonized over the decision to lay off some employees.
agony	n. 极度痛苦	agony - He went through great agony after the failure of the project.
agree	vi. 答应，赞同；适合，一致；商定，约定	agree - We agree with your proposal to optimize the production process.
agreeable	a. 令人愉快的;欣然同意的	agreeable - The terms of the contract are agreeable to both parties.
agreeably	adv.欣然，依照	agreeably - The meeting went agreeably, and all issues were resolved smoothly.
agreed	adj.商定的	agreed - We all agreed on the new project timeline after the discussion.
agreement	n. 同意;协议	agreement - The two companies signed a formal agreement to cooperate on the technology project.
agricultural	adj.农业的	agricultural - The government has launched several agricultural policies to support local farmers.
agriculture	n. 农业，农艺，农耕	agriculture - Modern technology has greatly improved the efficiency of agriculture in this region.
ahead	ad. 在前面(头)；向(朝)前；提前	ahead - We need to plan ahead to avoid delays in the product launch.
aid	n. 援助，救护；助手，辅助物vi. 援助，救援	aid - The IT department will provide technical aid to solve the system malfunction.
aids	n.(缩)艾滋病	aids - This software aids users in managing their daily work tasks efficiently.
ailment	n.疾病	ailment - She took a day off due to a minor ailment like a cold.
aim	n. 目的；瞄准vi. (at)目的在于vt. 把…瞄准	aim - The company’s main aim is to expand its market share in Southeast Asia.
aimless	adj.无目的的	aimless - Without a clear goal, his work seemed aimless and unproductive.
air	n. 空气；(复数)神气vt. (使)通风；晾干	air - Please open the window to let some fresh air into the office.
aircraft	n. 飞机，飞船，飞行器	aircraft - The airport has strict safety checks for every aircraft taking off.
airline	n. (飞机)航线a. (飞机)航线的	airline - This airline offers direct flights between Beijing and New York.
airliner	n.定期航班	airliner - The large airliner can carry over 300 passengers at a time.
airmail	n.航空邮件	airmail - The document was sent by airmail and arrived within three days.
airplane	n. (美)飞机	airplane - He missed his airplane because of the heavy traffic on the way to the airport.
airport	n. 机场，航空站，航空港	airport - The company arranged a shuttle bus to pick up clients from the airport.
airway	n.航线	airway - The airway was temporarily closed due to bad weather conditions.
aisle	n. 通道	aisle - Please keep the aisle clear so that passengers can walk through easily.
ajar	adv.半开的	ajar - She left the office door ajar so that her colleagues could enter anytime.
alarm	n. 警报;惊慌;vt. 使忧虑	alarm - The fire alarm went off suddenly, and everyone evacuated the building quickly.
alarming	adj.警告的	alarming - The alarming increase in production costs has worried the management team.
alas	int.唉，哎呀	alas - Alas, we failed to meet the quarterly target despite our hard work.
album	n. 相片册,集邮册	album - The marketing team released a photo album to showcase the company’s achievements.
alcohol	n. 酒精，乙醇；含酒精的饮料	alcohol - Drinking alcohol is not allowed during working hours.
alcoholic	adj.含酒精的	alcoholic - He decided to seek help after being diagnosed as an alcoholic.
alcoholism	n.嗜酒者，酒鬼	alcoholism - The company provides counseling services for employees struggling with alcoholism.
ale	n.淡啤酒	ale - They enjoyed a glass of ale at the pub after the successful project launch.
alert	a. 机警的，警觉的；机灵的vt. 使…警觉	alert - Please stay alert to any changes in the market demand.
algebra	n.代数学	algebra - He studied algebra and other advanced math courses in college.
alien	n./a. 外侨;外国的;不相容的	alien - The new employee felt like an alien in the unfamiliar office environment.
alienate	v.疏远，转让，挪用	alienate - His arrogant attitude may alienate potential clients and partners.
alienation	n.异化	alienation - The alienation between the two departments affected the project progress.
alignment	n.队列；结盟，联合	alignment - The team’s goals are in alignment with the company’s long-term strategy.
alike	a. 同样的，相像ad. 一样地；同程度地	alike - The two software versions look alike but have different functions.
alive	a. 活着的；存在的；活跃的；(to)敏感的	alive - The team kept the project alive by adjusting the plan in time.
all	a. 全部的；非常的ad. 完全地，很pron. 全部	all - All employees are required to attend the annual training session.
allergic	adj.过敏的，变态的	allergic - She is allergic to pollen, so she avoids going outdoors in spring.
allergy	n.反感，过敏	allergy - The doctor advised him to get tested for food allergies.
alliance	n. 联盟,同盟	alliance - The three companies formed an alliance to develop new technologies together.
allied	a.联合的；联姻的	allied - The allied firms worked closely to win the government contract.
allocate	vt. 分配,配给	allocate - The company will allocate more funds to the research and development department.
allocation	n.分配	allocation - The allocation of resources should be based on project priorities.
allot	v.分配，配给	allot - The manager allotted each team member a specific task to complete.
allotment	n.分配，份额	allotment - The allotment of time for each presentation is 15 minutes.
allow	vt. 允许，准许；承认；给予；(for)考虑到	allow - The company does not allow employees to use personal phones during meetings.
allowance	n. 津贴	allowance - The sales staff receive a monthly travel allowance for business trips.
alloy	n. 合金	alloy - This machine part is made of a special alloy that is resistant to high temperatures.
ally	n. 同盟者，同盟国vt. 使结盟；与…有关联	ally - The small startup became an ally of a large tech company to expand its market.
almost	adv. 几乎，差不多	almost - We have almost finished the development of the new software module.
alone	a. 单独的，孤独的ad. 单独地，独自地；仅仅	alone - He prefers to work alone when dealing with complex problems.
along	ad. 向前；和…一起，一同prep. 沿着，顺着	along - The team walked along the corridor to the meeting room.
alongside	ad./prep. 在旁,靠近	alongside - The new product will be launched alongside the existing line of products.
aloud	adv. 出声地，大声地	aloud - The manager read the announcement aloud to the entire team.
alphabet	n. 字母表；初步，入门	alphabet - Children learn the alphabet before they start reading words.
also	ad. 而且(也)，此外(还)；同样地	also - This new software is fast and also easy to use.
alter	v. 改变,更改	alter - We need to alter the design of the product to meet customer requirements.
alternate	a. 交替的,轮流的;v. 轮流交替,交替	alternate - The team members alternate in leading the weekly meetings.
alternation	n.改变，变更	alternation - The alternation of day and night affects the body’s biological clock.
alternative	n. 二选一；供选择的东西；取舍a. 二选一的	alternative - We have an alternative solution if the original plan fails.
although	conj. 尽管，虽然…但是	although - Although the project was challenging, we completed it ahead of schedule.
altitude	n. (海拔)高度	altitude - The aircraft can fly at a maximum altitude of 40,000 feet.
altogether	ad. 完全，总之，全部地；总共；总而言之	altogether - Altogether, there are 50 participants in the training workshop.
aluminum	n. [美	aluminum - The office desk is made of lightweight aluminum alloy.
always	ad. 总是，无例外地；永远，始终	always - She always arrives at the office 10 minutes early.
A.M.	(缩)上午	A.M. - The meeting is scheduled to start at 9 A.M. tomorrow.
amateur	n./a. 业余爱好者(的)	amateur - He is an amateur photographer who takes photos in his spare time.
amaze	vt. 使惊奇	amaze - The new feature of the software will amaze our customers.
amazement	n.惊奇，诧异	amazement - To our amazement, the product sold out within the first hour of launch.
ambassador	n. 大使,授权代表	ambassador - The company’s ambassador will attend the international trade fair next month.
ambient	a.周围的，包围着的	ambient - The ambient temperature in the server room must be kept below 25 degrees Celsius.
ambiguity	n. 模棱两可;多义词句	ambiguity - The contract has some ambiguity that needs to be clarified before signing.
ambiguous	a. 引起歧义的，模棱两可的，含糊不清的	ambiguous - His ambiguous response left us unsure about his support for the plan.
ambition	n. 雄心,抱负	ambition - Her ambition is to become the CEO of the company in five years.
ambitious	a. 有抱负的，雄心勃勃的；有野心的	ambitious - The company has set an ambitious target of increasing sales by 50% this year.
ambulance	n. 救护车	ambulance - An ambulance was called immediately when the employee fainted at work.
amend	v. 改进,修正	amend - The committee voted to amend the company’s constitution to include new policies.
amendment	n.修改(通知书)	amendment - The amendment to the contract was approved by both parties.
amends	n.赔偿	amends - He made amends for his mistake by working overtime to fix the problem.
America	n.美洲；美国	America - The company plans to open a new branch office in America next year.
American	a.美洲的 n.美国人	American - We are collaborating with an American firm on the new project.
amiable	a. 和蔼可亲的，友善的，亲切的	amiable - The new manager has an amiable personality and gets along well with everyone.
amicable	adj.友好的，和睦的	amicable - The two companies reached an amicable settlement to resolve the dispute.
amid	(=amidst) prep. 在…当中	amid - Amid the fierce competition, our company managed to maintain its market share.
ammunition	n. 弹药	ammunition - The factory produces ammunition for military use.
among	prep. 在…之中；在一群(组)之中；于…之间	among - Among all the proposals, this one is the most feasible.
amount	vi./n. 等于,总数,数量	amount - The total amount of the investment is $1 million.
ampere	n.安培	ampere - The electrical equipment requires a current of 5 amperes to operate properly.
ample	a. 充足的;宽敞的	ample - We have ample time to prepare for the client presentation.
amplification	n.放大	amplification - The amplification of the signal ensures clear communication in remote areas.
amplifier	n. 放大器，扩大器	amplifier - This amplifier can enhance the sound quality of the audio system.
amplify	vt. 放大(声音);增强;详述	amplify - The speaker used a microphone to amplify his voice to the audience.
amuse	vt. 逗…笑; 使娱乐	amuse - The funny video shared by a colleague amused everyone in the office.
amusement	n.娱乐，消遣，乐趣	amusement - The employees visited an amusement park during the team-building activity.
analogue	n. 类似物；相似体；模拟	analogue - This old phone is an analogue device, unlike the modern smartphones.
analogy	n. 类似，相似，类比，类推	analogy - The teacher used a simple analogy to explain the complex technical concept.
analysis	n. 分析；分解	analysis - The data analysis shows that our product is popular among young customers.
analytical	adj.分析的，解析的	analytical - Her analytical skills help her solve problems quickly and effectively.
analyze	vt. 分析，分解	analyze - We need to analyze the market trends before launching the new product.
ancestor	n. 祖先	ancestor - His ancestor was a famous inventor who contributed to the development of the industry.
anchor	n./v. 锚,危难时可依靠的人或物,用锚泊船	anchor - The news anchor reported the latest updates on the economic situation.
ancient	a. 古代的，古老的，古式的	ancient - The museum displays ancient artifacts from thousands of years ago.
and	conj. 和，与，而且；那么；接连，又	and - The development team and the marketing team need to cooperate closely.
anecdote	n. 轶事,趣闻	anecdote - The CEO shared a funny anecdote about his early career during the speech.
angel	n. 天使，安琪儿	angel - She is like an angel who always helps her colleagues when they are in trouble.
anger	n. 愤怒，气愤vt. 使发怒，激怒vi. 发怒	anger - His delay in submitting the report caused the manager’s anger.
angle	n. 角，角度v. 钓鱼；(采用各种方法)取得	angle - We need to look at the problem from a different angle to find a solution.
angry	a. 生气的，愤怒的；(天气)风雨交加的	angry - The customer was angry about the delayed delivery of the ordered goods.
angular	adj.角状的	angular - The new office building has a modern angular design that stands out in the city.
animal	n. 动物，野兽，牲畜a. 动物的，野兽的	animal - The company donates money to an organization that protects endangered animals.
animate	v.使有活力，激活	animate - The designer used software to animate the characters in the advertisement.
animation	n.生气，生机	animation - The animation industry has grown rapidly in recent years.
ankle	n. 足踝，踝关节	ankle - She twisted her ankle while walking to work and had to take a day off.
annex	n.附录，附件	annex - The company plans to annex a small factory to expand its production capacity.
anniversary	n. 周年纪念	anniversary - The company celebrated its 20th anniversary with a grand party.
announce	v. 正式宣布；发表；通告；广播(电台节目)	announce - The manager will announce the promotion list at the end of the month.
announcement	n.通知	announcement - The announcement about the new policy was posted on the company’s intranet.
announcer	n.宣告者；播音员	announcer - The radio announcer introduced the guest speaker for the program.
annoy	vt. 使烦恼,使生气	annoy - The constant noise from the construction site annoys the office workers.
annoyance	n.烦恼，麻烦事	annoyance - The slow internet speed is a major annoyance for the IT team.
annual	a. 每年的,一年生的 n. 年刊,一年生植物	annual - The annual meeting will be held in the company’s headquarters next week.
annually	ad.年年，每年	annually - The company reviews its performance annually to set new targets.
another	a. 另一个，又，再pron. 另一个，类似的一个	another - Let’s discuss another approach to solve the technical problem.
answer	vt. 回答，答复，答案v. 回答，答复，响应	answer - Please answer the client’s questions clearly and professionally.
ant	n. 蚁；蚂蚁	ant - A group of ants was seen carrying food across the office floor.
antagonism	n. 反对,不喜欢	antagonism - The antagonism between the two teams affected the overall project efficiency.
antagonist	n.对手，敌手	antagonist - The main antagonist in the story is a competitor who tries to sabotage the company.
Antarctic	a./n. 南极的,南极	Antarctic - The research team went on an expedition to the Antarctic to study climate change.
antibiotic	n./a. 抗生素;抗菌的	antibiotic - The doctor prescribed an antibiotic to treat his bacterial infection.
antecedent	a./n. 先行的;祖先	antecedent - The antecedent of this problem can be traced back to the initial design phase.
anticipate	vt. 预料；期望；预先考虑；抢先；提前使用	anticipate - We anticipate a high demand for the new product during the holiday season.
anticipation	n. 预期,预料	anticipation - The team waited in anticipation for the client’s feedback on the proposal.
antique	a./n. 古代的,古玩,古物	antique - He collects antique watches as a hobby.
antonym	n.反义词	antonym - The antonym of “fast” is “slow”.
antonymous	adj.反义的	antonymous - The two words are antonymous, so they cannot be used interchangeably.
anxiety	n. 忧虑,渴望	anxiety - Her anxiety about the job interview made her stay up late the night before.
anxious	a. 焦虑的，担心的；急于(得到的)，渴望的	anxious - The team is anxious to receive the client’s approval for the project.
anxiously	adv.焦急地，急切地	anxiously - We waited anxiously for the results of the market research.
any	a. (用于否定句、疑问句等)什么，一些；任何的	any - If you have any questions, please feel free to ask the team leader.
anybody	pron. (否定句)任何人；(肯定句)随便哪个人	anybody - Anybody who meets the requirements can apply for the position.
anyhow	ad. 不论用何种方法,无论如何	anyhow - Anyhow, we need to finish the task before the deadline.
anyone	pron. (用于疑问句，否定式)任何人	anyone - Anyone who violates the company rules will be punished.
anything	pron. 任何东西(事物)；无论什么东西(事物)	anything - We are ready to do anything to ensure the success of the project.
anyway	ad. 不管怎么说，无论如何；不论以何种方式	anyway - The plan is not perfect, but we have to proceed anyway.
anywhere	ad. 无论哪里；(用于否定、疑问等)任何地方	anywhere - You can work anywhere in the office as long as you complete your tasks.
apart	ad. 分离，离开，隔开a. 分离的，分隔的	apart - The two departments are located in separate buildings apart from each other.
apartment	n.房间，套间；[美	apartment - The company provides a furnished apartment for its overseas employees.
ape	n.猿猴	ape - The zookeeper showed the visitors a family of apes in the wildlife park.
apologize	v. (to，for)道歉，认错	apologize - You should apologize to the client for the mistake in the contract.
apology	n. 道歉，认错，辩解，辩护	apology - He wrote a formal apology letter to the manager for his absence.
apparatus	n. 仪器,设备	apparatus - The laboratory is equipped with advanced scientific apparatus.
apparent	a. 明显的;表面上的	apparent - It is apparent that the new policy has improved employee productivity.
apparently	adj.显然，似乎	apparently - Apparently, the client is satisfied with our project proposal.
appeal	vi./n. 呼吁;上诉;吸引(力)	appeal - The new product design has a strong appeal to young consumers.
appealing	adj.有吸引力的	appealing - The job offer is appealing because of the high salary and flexible working hours.
appear	vi. 出现；出场；问世；仿佛；出版，发表	appear - A new problem seems to appear after we solved the previous one.
appearance	n. 出现，露面；外表；(在会议等)作短暂露面	appearance - The appearance of the product is as important as its quality.
appendix	n. 附录,阑尾	appendix - The appendix of the report contains detailed technical data.
appetite	n. 食欲	appetite - The busy work schedule has affected his appetite recently.
applaud	v. 鼓掌欢迎;赞成	applaud - The audience began to applaud after the successful presentation.
applause	n. 鼓掌；喝彩；夸奖，赞扬	applause - The speaker received a round of applause from the audience.
apple	n. 苹果，苹果树	apple - She keeps an apple on her desk to eat during the afternoon break.
appliance	n. 用具;设备,装置	appliance - The store sells household appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines.
applicable	a. 可应用(实施)的；适当的，合适的	applicable - This rule is applicable to all employees regardless of their position.
applicant	n. 申请人,请求者	applicant - There are over 100 applicants for the software engineer position.
application	n. 申请，请求，申请书；应用，实施，实用性	application - Please submit your job application before the end of this month.
apply	v. 要求,申请	apply - You need to apply for a permit before using the company’s confidential data.
appoint	vt. 任命，委派；指定，约定(时间、地点等)	appoint - The board of directors decided to appoint him as the new CTO.
appointment	n. 约会;职位	appointment - I have a meeting appointment with the client at 2 P.M. today.
appreciable	a. 可(察觉到)的,明显的;v. 值得重视的	appreciable - There has been an appreciable improvement in the team’s performance.
appreciably	adv.相当大地	appreciably - The cost of raw materials has increased appreciably in the past year.
appreciate	vt. 为…表示感激，感谢；欣赏，赏识，评价	appreciate - We appreciate your hard work and dedication to the project.
appreciation	n.欣赏；鉴别；感激	appreciation - The company expressed its appreciation to the employees with a bonus.
appreciative	adj.感激的	appreciative - The client was appreciative of our efforts to solve the problem.
apprentice	n./vt. 学徒;使当学徒	apprentice - He started as an apprentice in the workshop and later became a senior engineer.
apprize	v.通知	apprize - The manager apprized the team of the latest changes in the project plan.
approach	v. 接近;着手处理;n. 接近;方法;途径	approach - We need to adopt a new approach to improve customer satisfaction.
appropriate	a. 合适的;v. 挪用;拨款	appropriate - It is appropriate to dress formally for the business dinner.
approval	n. 批准;赞同,认可	approval - The project requires the manager’s approval before it can be implemented.
approve	v. (of)赞成，赞许，同意；批准，审议，通过	approve - The board of directors will approve the budget for the next fiscal year.
approximate	a. 近似的,约略的 v. 接近,近似	approximate - The approximate cost of the project is around $50,000.
approximately	ad.近似地，大约	approximately - Approximately 80% of the employees participated in the training program.
approximation	n.近似值	approximation - This is just an approximation; the exact figure will be released next week.
April	n. 四月	April - The product launch is scheduled for April next year.
apt	a. 聪明的;合适的;易于的	apt - She is apt at learning new software skills quickly.
aptitude	n.才智，天资	aptitude - The test is designed to assess the candidate’s aptitude for problem-solving.
Arab	n.阿拉伯	Arab - He is an Arab businessman who specializes in international trade.
Arabian	a.阿拉伯的	Arabian - The Arabian Desert is one of the largest deserts in the world.
Arabic	adj.阿拉伯的	Arabic - The company hired a translator who is fluent in Arabic and English.
arbitrary	a. 任性的,专断的	arbitrary - The manager’s arbitrary decision to change the timeline upset the team.
arbitrate	v.仲裁	arbitrate - The third-party organization was invited to arbitrate the dispute between the two companies.
arbitration	n.仲裁	arbitration - The two parties agreed to resolve the conflict through arbitration.
arbitrator	n.仲裁员	arbitrator - The arbitrator made a fair decision that satisfied both sides.
arc	n.弧，弓形物；弧光	arc - The rainbow forms a beautiful arc across the sky after the rain.
arch	n. 拱 v. 拱起	arch - The entrance of the building has a large stone arch with carvings on it.
archaeologist	n.考古学家	archaeologist - The archaeologist discovered ancient ruins during the excavation.
archaeology	n.考古学	archaeology - He majored in archaeology and now works for a museum.
architect	n. 建筑师,设计师	architect - The architect designed the company’s new headquarters building.
architecture	n. 建筑，建筑学；建筑式样或风格，建筑物	architecture - The architecture of the office building combines modern and traditional styles.
arctic	a./n. 北极的,北极	arctic - The arctic fox has a thick fur coat to survive in the cold climate.
ardent	a. 热情的,热心的	ardent - He is an ardent supporter of the company’s environmental protection initiatives.
arduous	a. 艰巨的,艰苦的	arduous - The team completed the arduous task of migrating the data to the new system.
area	n. 面积；地区，地域；领域，范围	area - The sales area of the product covers the entire northern region of the country.
arena	n. 竞技场,比赛场所	arena - The company sponsored a sports event held in the city’s main arena.
argue	v. 不同意,辩论	argue - The two team members began to argue about the best way to solve the problem.
argument	n. 争论(吵)，辩论；理由；论证	argument - The argument between the colleagues was resolved by the team leader.
arise	vi. 出现,发生,起来	arise - A new opportunity has arisen for the company to expand into the European market.
aristocracy	n.贵族阶层	aristocracy - The country’s former aristocracy has lost most of its power over time.
aristocrat	n.贵族	aristocrat - The novel tells the story of an aristocrat who falls in love with a commoner.
aristocratic	adj.贵族的	aristocratic - She has an aristocratic manner that makes her stand out in the crowd.
arithmetic	n. 算术，四则运算adj. 算术的	arithmetic - Basic arithmetic skills are required for this accounting position.
arm	n. 手臂，扶手，臂状物v. 武装；配备n. 武器	arm - He broke his arm in a car accident and had to take a long leave from work.
arms	n.武器	arms - The factory produces arms for the country’s military forces.
armchair	n.手扶椅	armchair - There is a comfortable armchair in the corner of the office for employees to rest.
armour	n. 盔甲,装甲部队	armour - The soldier wore a suit of armour to protect himself in battle.
army	n. 军队，陆军，军；大群，大批	army - The company’s sales team is like an army that wins market share from competitors.
around	ad. 在…周围，到处prep. 在…四周(或附近)	around - There are many restaurants around the office building for lunch breaks.
arouse	vt. 激发,引起;唤醒	arouse - The new policy has aroused a lot of discussion among the employees.
arrange	v. 安排，筹划；整理，使有条理，排列，布置	arrange - The secretary will arrange a meeting between the manager and the client.
arrangement	n.整理，排列；安排	arrangement - The arrangement of the meeting room was completed before the guests arrived.
array	n. 展示;一系列	array - The store displayed an array of electronic products for customers to choose from.
arrear	n.欠款	arrear - The client is in arrear with the payment for the project completed last month.
arrest	n. 逮捕，扣留vt. 逮捕，扣留；阻止；吸引	arrest - The police made an arrest after the theft in the company’s warehouse.
arrival	n. 到达，到来；到达者，到达物	arrival - The arrival of the new equipment will speed up the production process.
arrive	vi. 到达；(时间、事件)到来，发生；达到	arrive - The client is expected to arrive at the office at 10 A.M. tomorrow.
arrogance	n.傲慢	arrogance - His arrogance makes it difficult for him to work with other team members.
arrogant	a. 傲慢的,自负的	arrogant - The arrogant employee refused to listen to his colleagues’ suggestions.
arrogantly	adv.傲慢地	arrogantly - He spoke arrogantly about his achievements, which annoyed everyone.
arrow	n. 箭，矢，箭状物；箭头符号	arrow - The arrow on the map points to the location of the company’s new branch.
art	n. 艺术，美术；技术，技艺；文科，人文科学	art - The office is decorated with works of art created by local artists.
article	n. 物品,文章,条款,[语	article - She published an article about software development in a technical magazine.
artificial	a. 人工的;矫揉造作的	artificial - The company uses artificial intelligence to improve customer service.
artist	n. 艺术家，美术家；(某方面的)能手	artist - The graphic artist designed the company’s new logo.
artistic	a. 艺术(家)的，美术(家)的；善于艺术创作的	artistic - Her artistic talent helps her create attractive marketing materials.
as	ad. 同样地conj. 由于；像…一样prep. 作为	as - As a senior engineer, he is responsible for leading the development team.
ascend	vi. 渐渐上升，升高vt. 攀登，登上	ascend - The elevator began to ascend to the top floor of the office building.
ascertain	vt. 查明,探查	ascertain - We need to ascertain the root cause of the system failure.
ascribe	vt. 把…归因于;把…归属于	ascribe - The team ascribed the project’s success to the joint efforts of everyone.
ASEAN	n.(缩)东盟	ASEAN - The company has established business relationships with several ASEAN countries.
ash	n. 灰，灰末；(pl.)骨灰；(pl.)废墟	ash - The ash from the volcano affected air traffic in the region.
ashamed	a. 羞愧的,害臊的	ashamed - He felt ashamed for making a mistake that caused a delay in the project.
ashore	ad. 上岸；在岸上，向岸上	ashore - The sailors finally came ashore after a long voyage at sea.
ashtray	n.烟灰缸	ashtray - Please use the ashtray provided instead of throwing cigarette butts on the floor.
Asia	n.亚洲	Asia - The company’s main market is in Asia, especially in China and Japan.
Asian	a.亚洲的 n.亚洲人	Asian - The Asian market has shown strong growth potential in recent years.
aside	ad. 在旁边，到一边n. 旁白；离题的话	aside - She pulled the manager aside to discuss a confidential matter.
ask	vt. 问，询问；请求，要求；邀请，约请	ask - You can ask the IT support team for help if you have computer problems.
asleep	a. 睡觉，睡着(用作表语)	asleep - He fell asleep during the long and boring meeting.
aspect	n. 样子，外表，面貌，(问题等的)方面	aspect - We need to consider every aspect of the project before making a decision.
aspirin	n. 阿斯匹林	aspirin - She took an aspirin to relieve her headache and continue working.
ass	n.驴；傻瓜，蠢笨的人	ass - He made an ass of himself by arriving late and forgetting his presentation materials.
assassinate	vt. 暗杀，行刺；中伤	assassinate - The historical novel tells the story of a plot to assassinate a king.
assassination	n. 暗杀	assassination - The assassination of the leader shocked the entire country.
assassinator	n.暗杀者	assassinator - The police are still searching for the assassinator of the politician.
assault	n./vt. 袭击,攻击	assault - The security guard prevented an assault on a female employee in the parking lot.
assemble	v. 聚集;装配	assemble - The team will assemble at the office at 8 A.M. tomorrow for the business trip.
assembly	n. 集合；会议；装配；(美)洲议会的众议院	assembly - The assembly line in the factory can produce 500 products per hour.
assert	vt. 维护;宣称	assert - He asserted that the new method would improve the efficiency of the team.
assertion	n.断言	assertion - His assertion was supported by data from the market research.
assess	vt. 评价;估值	assess - The manager will assess the employees’ performance at the end of the year.
assessment	n.估定；查定；估计数	assessment - The performance assessment results will be announced next week.
assign	vt. 分配;确定时间或地点;指派	assign - The project manager will assign tasks to each member of the team.
assignment	n. 分配，指派；(指定的)作业，(分派的)任务	assignment - She stayed up late to finish her assignment for the training course.
assist	vt. 协助，帮助，促进vi. 帮忙，参加	assist - The intern will assist the marketing team with the promotional campaign.
assistance	n. 协作；援助；帮助	assistance - If you need any assistance, please contact the customer service hotline.
assistant	a. 帮助的，辅助的n. 助手，助教；辅助物	assistant - She works as a personal assistant to the CEO of the company.
associate	vt. 把…联系在一起;使结合 vi. (with)交往 n. 伙伴 adj. 副的	associate - He is an associate professor who specializes in computer science.
associated	adj.联合的	associated - The brand is closely associated with high quality and reliability.
association	n. 联盟，协会，社团；交往，联合；联想	association - He is a member of the local business association.
associative	adj.联想的	associative - The software uses an associative memory to store and retrieve data.
assorted	a. 各式各样的	assorted - The company sells assorted snacks in its office pantry.
assortment	n.花色品种	assortment - The gift box contains an assortment of chocolates and candies.
assume	vt. 假定;承担;使用	assume - We cannot assume that the client will approve the proposal without any changes.
assumption	n. 假定，设想；采取；承担；推测；假装	assumption - The project plan is based on the assumption that the budget will be approved.
assurance	n. 保证，担保；确信，断言；信心，信念	assurance - The company provides a quality assurance guarantee for all its products.
assure	vt. 断言;使确信;保(人寿)险	assure - The manager assured the client that the project would be completed on time.
assured	adj.感到放心的	assured - With the new technology, we are assured of better performance of the product.
astonish	vt. 使惊讶，使吃惊	astonish - The rapid growth of the company astonished the industry experts.
astonishment	n.惊奇，惊讶	astonishment - To our astonishment, the small startup won the industry award.
astound	v.使惊讶	astound - The new product’s performance will astound even the most demanding customers.
astray	adv.(信件)遗失、误传	astray - The project went astray because of poor management and lack of communication.
astronaut	n. 太空人，太空旅行者	astronaut - The astronaut shared his experience of space travel during the lecture.
astronomer	n.天文学家	astronomer - The astronomer discovered a new planet using a powerful telescope.
astronomical	adj.天文学的	astronomical - The cost of developing the new technology is astronomical and beyond our budget.
astronomy	n. 天文学	astronomy - He has a keen interest in astronomy and often reads books about space.
at	prep.以，达；在…方面	at - The meeting will be held at the company’s conference room.
athlete	n. 体育家,运动员	athlete - The company sponsored a famous athlete to promote its sports products.
athletic	adj.田径的	athletic - The company has an athletic club where employees can play basketball and tennis.
Atlantic	a.大西洋的 n.大西洋	Atlantic - The cargo ship sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to deliver the goods.
atlas	n. 地图册,图表集	atlas - The office has a world atlas for employees to check geographical locations.
atmosphere	n. 大气(层)；空气；气氛，环境；大气压	atmosphere - The friendly atmosphere in the office makes employees feel comfortable.
atmospheric	a.大气的；大气层的	atmospheric - The atmospheric pressure affects the performance of the equipment.
atom	n. 原子；微粒，微量	atom - The atom is the basic unit of a chemical element.
atomic	a.原子的；原子能的	atomic - The nuclear power plant uses atomic energy to generate electricity.
attach	v. 系上,附上;依恋;认为	attach - Please attach your resume and cover letter to the job application.
attachment	n.连接物，附件；爱慕	attachment - The email attachment contains the detailed project plan.
attack	n./vt. 攻击,非难,疾病发作	attack - The company’s website suffered a cyber attack last night.
attain	v. 获得;达到	attain - The company worked hard to attain its goal of becoming a market leader.
attempt	vt./n. 尝试,企图	attempt - His first attempt to solve the technical problem failed, but he tried again.
attend	vt. 出席，参加；照顾，护理vi. 注意；侍奉	attend - All managers are required to attend the quarterly business review meeting.
attendance	n. 出席；出席人数；护理，照料	attendance - The attendance rate of the training course reached 95%.
attendant	n. 服务员;仆人	attendant - The flight attendant helped passengers store their luggage safely.
attention	n. 注意，注意力；立正；特别照顾；照料	attention - Please pay attention to the key points mentioned in the meeting.
attentive	a.注意的；有礼貌的	attentive - The attentive assistant took detailed notes during the discussion.
attentively	adv.关心地	attentively - She listened attentively to the client’s requirements and feedback.
attic	n.阁楼	attic - We found some old documents and photos in the attic of the office building.
attitude	n. 态度，看法(to, toward, about)；姿势	attitude - A positive attitude is essential for overcoming work challenges.
attorney	n. 律师	attorney - The company hired an attorney to handle the legal dispute.
attract	vt. 引起的注意(或兴趣等)，吸引；引起；激起	attract - The new welfare policy will attract more talented employees to the company.
attraction	n.吸引；吸引力；引力	attraction - The main attraction of the new software is its user-friendly interface.
attributable	adj.归于的	attributable - The success of the project is attributable to the team’s joint efforts.
attribute	vt. 归因于;n. 属性;象征;标志	attribute - We attribute the sales growth to our improved marketing strategy.
attribution	n.属于	attribution - The attribution of the research results should be accurate and fair.
attributive	adj.定语的，属性的	attributive - In the phrase “a coffee cup”, “coffee” functions as an attributive adjective.
auction	n./vt. 拍卖	auction - The company decided to auction off some outdated equipment.
audience	n. 听众,观众,读者	audience - The speaker delivered a speech to a large audience at the conference.
auditorium	n. 观众席，听众席；会堂，礼堂	auditorium - The annual company meeting will be held in the school’s auditorium.
august	n. 八月	august - The august building has been the headquarters of the organization for decades.
aunt	n. 姨母，姑母，伯母，婶母，舅母，阿姨	aunt - My aunt works as a project manager in a multinational company.
aural	a. 听觉的，听力的	aural - The aural training helps improve employees’ listening skills in English.
auspice	n.赞助，主办	auspice - The event was held under the auspices of the local business association.
Australia	n.澳大利亚	Australia - The company plans to open a branch office in Australia next year.
Australian	a.澳大利亚的	Australian - We are cooperating with an Australian team on the new technology project.
author	n. 作者，作家，著作人；创始人，发起人	author - The author of this technical book is a well-known software engineer.
authority	n. 权力;威信;当局;权威	authority - The government authority issued new regulations on data security.
authorization	n.授权	authorization - You need to get authorization from the manager to access the confidential files.
authorize	v.授权，批准	authorize - The board of directors authorized the CEO to sign the contract.
autobiography	n.自传	autobiography - The CEO’s autobiography tells the story of his entrepreneurial journey.
automate	vt.使自动化	automate - The factory decided to automate the production line to improve efficiency.
automatic	a. 自动的,无意识的;n. 小型自动武器	automatic - The system will send an automatic reminder to the clients before the deadline.
automation	n. 自动，自动化，自动操作	automation - The automation of the workflow has reduced the workload of the employees.
automobile	n. 汽车	automobile - The company’s parking lot can accommodate over 200 automobiles.
autonomous	adj.自治的	autonomous - The research team has an autonomous budget for its projects.
autonomy	n. 自治,自治权	autonomy - The branch office has a certain degree of autonomy in daily operations.
autumn	n. 秋，秋季；成熟期，渐衰期	autumn - The company’s annual team-building trip is scheduled for autumn.
auxiliary	a. 辅助的,协助的	auxiliary - The auxiliary staff provides support for the core business team.
avail	v. 有益于,有用;n. 用处,利益	avail - We tried our best, but our efforts availed little in solving the problem.
availability	n.有效(性)；可得性	availability - The availability of the product in the market will be announced next week.
available	a. 可获得的,可用的	available - The manager is available for a meeting tomorrow morning.
avenge	v.报复	avenge - The character in the novel swore to avenge his father’s death.
avenue	n. 林荫路，大街；(比喻)途径，渠道，方法	avenue - The company’s headquarters is located on the main avenue of the city.
average	n. 平均，平均数a. 平均的；普通的v. 平均	average - The average salary of the employees has increased by 10% this year.
averagely	adv.平均	averagely - The project is averagely completed within three months.
aviation	n. 航空,航空学	aviation - The company specializes in aviation technology and equipment.
avoid	vt. 避免,逃避	avoid - We should avoid making the same mistake in the next project.
await	vt. 等候，期待；(事情等)降临于	await - The team is awaiting the client’s feedback on the proposal.
awake	a. 醒着的vt. 唤醒，使觉醒vi. 醒来，醒悟到	awake - He was awake all night working on the emergency task.
awaken	adj.醒着的	awaken - The new policy awakened the employees’ enthusiasm for innovation.
award	vt. 授予，给予；判定n. 奖，奖金；仲裁	award - The company won the best innovation award at the industry exhibition.
aware	a. 知道的,意识的	aware - All employees should be aware of the company’s safety regulations.
away	ad. 在远处；离开；渐渐远去；一直；去掉	away - The manager is away on a business trip and will return next Monday.
awe	n. 敬畏，惊惧vt. 使敬畏，使惊惧	awe - The employees looked at the CEO with awe when he announced the new plan.
awesome	adj.可怕的	awesome - The new software has some awesome features that impressed the users.
awful	a. 可怕的;糟糕的;极度的	awful - The awful weather delayed the delivery of the equipment.
awfully	ad.令人畏惧的；很	awfully - The project schedule is awfully tight, so we need to work overtime.
awkward	a. 难使用的;笨拙的;尴尬的	awkward - He felt awkward when he forgot the client’s name during the meeting.
awkwardly	adv.笨拙地	awkwardly - She smiled awkwardly when asked about the delay in the project.
awkwardness	n.笨拙	awkwardness - The awkwardness in the meeting was relieved by the manager’s joke.
ax	n. 斧子；削减vt. 用斧砍	ax - The old machine was cut into pieces with an ax.
axial	a.轴的；轴向的	axial - The axial design of the part ensures stable operation of the equipment.
axis	n. (pl. axes)轴,轴心	axis - The earth rotates around its axis once every 24 hours.
axle	n.(轮)轴，车轴，心棒	axle - The mechanic replaced the broken axle of the delivery truck.
baby	n. 婴儿；年龄最小的人；小动物a. 婴儿似的	baby - Her colleague brought her baby to the office on the family day.
baby-sit	v.(替人)看护小孩	baby-sit - She agreed to baby-sit for her neighbor while they were away.
baby-sitter	n.看护小孩的人	baby-sitter - The young student works as a baby-sitter in her spare time.
bachelor	n. 单身汉, 学士	bachelor - He is a bachelor who lives near the office building.
back	a. 后面的ad. 向后v. 倒退；支持n. 背；后面	back - Please go back to your seat and wait for further instructions.
backbone	n.脊梁骨	backbone - The senior engineers are the backbone of the R&D team.
back-call	n.(推销员对顾客的)第二次访问	back-call - The sales representative will make a back-call to the client tomorrow.
backdate	v.回溯	backdate - The contract cannot be backdated without the approval of both parties.
background	n. 背景，经历；幕后	background - The candidate has a solid educational background in computer science.
backing	n.倒退，支持物	backing - The project has the backing of the company’s top management.
backlog	n.未交付的订货	backlog - The IT department is dealing with a backlog of maintenance requests.
backward	a. 向后的，倒行的；迟钝的ad. 向后，朝反方向	backward - The company will not leave any employee backward in the training program.
backwardness	n.落后(状态)	backwardness - The backwardness of the infrastructure has affected the local economy.
bacon	n. 咸肉	bacon - He had bacon and eggs for breakfast before going to work.
bacterium	n. (pl. bacteria)细菌	bacterium - The laboratory detected a harmful bacterium in the water sample.
bad	a. 坏的；低劣的；不舒服的；腐败的；严重的	bad - A bad work attitude will affect the entire team’s performance.
badge	n. 徽章,标记	badge - All employees must wear their company badges when entering the office.
badly	ad. 非常，严重地；坏地，差地，拙劣地	badly - The equipment was badly damaged in the accident.
badminton	n. 羽毛球	badminton - The company organized a badminton competition for the employees.
baffle	vt. 阻碍,使困惑;n. 挡板	baffle - The technical problem baffled the engineers for several days.
bag	n. 袋，提包v. 把…装入袋中；猎杀；占有	bag - She carried a laptop bag to the meeting every day.
baggage	n. 行李	baggage - The airline allows passengers to check in two pieces of baggage for free.
baggy	adj.袋状的	baggy - He wore a baggy shirt and jeans to the casual Friday event.
bait	n. 饵,诱惑物;v. 装饵;辱骂;欺侮	bait - The fisherman used worms as bait to catch fish.
bake	v. 烤,烘,烧硬	bake - She likes to bake cookies for her colleagues during the holidays.
baker	n.面包师	baker - The baker delivered fresh bread to the office pantry every morning.
bakery	n.面包店	bakery - There is a bakery near the office where we can buy breakfast.
balance	n. 平衡;天平; vt. 使平衡;称;权衡	balance - We need to balance the budget between the R&D and marketing departments.
balcony	n. 阳台,剧院楼厅	balcony - The manager’s office has a small balcony with a view of the park.
bald	n. 秃头的,单调的	bald - The senior engineer is bald but has a sharp mind for problem-solving.
ball	n. 球(状物)；(正式的)舞会vt. 把…捏成球状	ball - The company held a ball to celebrate its 10th anniversary.
ballet	n. 芭蕾舞,芭蕾舞演员	ballet - She took ballet lessons in her spare time to relax.
balloon	n. 气球，飞船a. 气球状的v. 乘坐气球；膨胀	balloon - The children at the company’s family day played with colorful balloons.
ballooning	n.热气球飞行运动	ballooning - Ballooning is a popular recreational activity in this region.
ball-pointpen	n.圆珠笔	ball-pointpen - Please bring a ball-pointpen to fill out the registration form.
ballroom	n.舞厅	ballroom - The ballroom of the hotel was decorated beautifully for the event.
bamboo	n. 竹	bamboo - The office is decorated with bamboo plants to create a natural atmosphere.
bamboo-shoot	n.竹笋	bamboo-shoot - The restaurant near the office serves delicious dishes made with bamboo-shoot.
banana	n. 香蕉	banana - There are bananas and apples in the office fruit basket.
band	n. 条，带；乐队；波段；一群，一伙v. 缚，绑扎	band - A live band performed at the company’s annual dinner.
bandage	n. 绷带 v. 上绷带	bandage - The nurse used a bandage to wrap the employee’s injured finger.
bandit	n.土匪，盗匪，歹徒	bandit - The story is about a group of bandits who robbed travelers in the mountains.
bang	n./v. 猛击,猛敲,砰然作声	bang - The door shut with a loud bang, startling everyone in the office.
bank	n. 银行；岸，堤vi. 存入(经营)银行；信赖	bank - The company has an account at the local bank downtown.
banker	n.银行家	banker - Her husband works as a banker in an international financial institution.
banking	n.银行业务、金融业	banking - The company’s banking business is handled by the finance department.
bankrupt	adj. 破产的,彻底失败的;彻底缺乏的 n. 破产者 vt. 使破产,使枯竭	bankrupt - The small firm went bankrupt due to poor management.
banner	n. 旗	banner - A large banner with the company’s logo was hung at the entrance of the exhibition hall.
banquet	n./vt. 宴会,设宴	banquet - The client treated us to a grand banquet at a five-star hotel.
bar	n. 棍,闩,酒吧,障碍,条 vt. 闩门,阻挡,排斥,不准	bar - There is a coffee bar on the first floor of the office building.
barber	n. 理发员	barber - He went to the barber to get a haircut before the important meeting.
bare	a. 赤裸的;光秃秃的;刚刚够的,勉强的; vt. 露出,暴露	bare - The walls of the new office are bare and need to be decorated.
barely	ad. 赤裸裸地，无遮蔽地；仅仅，勉强，几乎没有	barely - He barely finished the report before the deadline.
bargain	n. 契约;交易;劳资协议;便宜货;v. 讲价钱	bargain - They managed to bargain with the supplier for a lower price.
barge	n.驳船；大型游船	barge - The cargo barge transported the equipment to the port.
bark	n./v. 树皮,狗叫	bark - The dog outside the office barked loudly, disturbing the meeting.
barn	n. 谷仓	barn - The old barn was converted into a modern office space.
barometer	n. 气压计,晴雨表	barometer - The sales volume is a good barometer of the company’s performance.
baron	n.男爵；贵族；巨商	baron - He is a business baron who owns several companies in the region.
baroness	n.男爵夫人，女男爵	baroness - The baroness attended the charity event hosted by the company.
barrel	n. 圆桶,一桶的量,枪管 vt. 把...装桶	barrel - The chemical was stored in a sealed barrel in the warehouse.
barren	a. 贫瘠的;不结果实的;无益的;无兴趣的	barren - The barren land was turned into a green industrial park.
barrier	n. 栅栏，屏障；障碍(物)	barrier - Language is not a barrier to communication between the two teams.
barter	v./n. 货物交换,易货贸易	barter - In ancient times, people used to barter goods instead of using money.
base	n. 基础，底部；根据地v. (on)把…基于	base - The company’s production base is located in the suburban area.
baseball	n. 棒球	baseball - The employees formed a baseball team to participate in the city’s league.
basement	n. 底层,地下室	basement - The server room is located in the basement of the office building.
basic	a. 基本的，基础的	basic - The training course covers basic knowledge of software development.
basically	ad.基本上	basically - Basically, the new plan is feasible, but we need to make some adjustments.
basin	n. 盆，脸盆；内海，盆地	basin - There is a basin of water in the office to clean hands.
basis	n. 基础，根据	basis - The cooperation between the two companies is based on the basis of mutual benefit.
basket	n. 筐，篮，篓	basket - She carried a basket of fruits to the office for her colleagues.
basketball	n. 篮球，篮球运动	basketball - We play basketball every Friday afternoon after work.
bat	n. 球拍，球棒，短棒；蝙蝠	bat - The baseball player swung the bat and hit a home run.
bath	n. 沐浴，洗澡；浴室(池，盆)v. (给…)洗澡	bath - He took a hot bath after a long day of work.
bathe	v./n. 浸到水中,游泳	bathe - The children bathed in the swimming pool during the summer vacation.
bathroom	n. 浴室；盥洗室，卫生间	bathroom - The bathroom on the second floor is for the exclusive use of employees.
batter	vt. 连续猛击;炮击;打烂	batter - The chef prepared the cake batter carefully.
battery	n. 电池(组),炮兵,一组	battery - The battery of the laptop died during the meeting.
battle	n. 战役，战斗；斗争v. 战斗，斗争，搏斗	battle - The team fought a tough battle to win the project contract.
bay	n. 海湾	bay - The company’s yacht is anchored in the bay near the city.
bazaar	n.集市，廉价商店	bazaar - They bought some souvenirs at the local bazaar during the business trip.
B.C.	(缩)公元前	B.C. - The ancient ruins date back to 500 B.C.
be	v. (就)是，等于；(存)在；到达，来到，发生	be - We should be more proactive in solving customer problems.
beach	n. 海滩，湖滩，河滩	beach - The company’s team-building trip was held at a beautiful beach.
bead	n.有孔小珠；露珠	bead - The necklace is made of colorful beads.
beak	n.鸟嘴	beak - The bird has a sharp beak to catch insects.
beam	n. 梁;光束;飞机导航无线电射束; v. 发光,发热;微笑;定向发出(无线电信号)	beam - The laser beam is used to cut metal in the factory.
bean	n. 豆；菜豆，蚕豆	bean - The office pantry provides free coffee and bean snacks.
bear	n. 熊;粗鲁的人;v. 携带;有,怀有;承受,忍受;生育	bear - The plan bears risks, but the potential profit is high.
bearing	n. 举止;关系;方位	bearing - His professional bearing made a good impression on the client.
bearish	adj.熊市的	bearish - The market is bearish, so the company decided to reduce investment.
beast	n. 兽，牲畜；凶残的人，举止粗鲁的人	beast - The fierce beast was captured by the wildlife rangers.
beat	n./v. 敲打,搅拌,胜,心跳	beat - He beat all the competitors and won the first prize in the competition.
beautiful	a. 美的，美丽的；出色的，完美的	beautiful - The office has a beautiful view of the city skyline.
beauty	n. 美，美丽；美人，美丽的事物	beauty - The beauty of the new design lies in its simplicity.
because	conj. 因为，由于	because - The project was delayed because of the supply chain disruption.
become	vi. 变成，开始变得vt. 适合，同…相称	become - She became the team leader after years of hard work.
bed	n. 床，床位；(苗)床，坛；河床，(湖、海的)底	bed - He was so tired that he fell into bed immediately after getting home.
bedroom	n.卧室	bedroom - The employee dormitory has a comfortable bedroom for each person.
bee	n. 蜂，蜜蜂；忙碌的人	bee - A bee flew into the office and scared some of the employees.
beef	n. 牛肉	beef - The restaurant near the office serves delicious beef steak.
beer	n. 啤酒	beer - The colleagues drank beer and chatted at the weekend party.
beetle	n.甲虫；近视眼的人	beetle - A beetle crawled across the desk during the meeting.
before	prep. (指时间)在…以前，在. …前面，在…之前	before - Please submit the report before next Friday.
beforehand	ad. 预先,事先	beforehand - We should prepare the materials beforehand to avoid delays.
beg	vt. 请求，乞求vi. 恳请，行乞	beg - The homeless man begged for money on the street.
beggar	n.乞丐，穷人	beggar - The beggar thanked the kind employee for giving him food.
begin	v. (began，begun)开始，着手	begin - The meeting will begin at 9 A.M. sharp tomorrow.
beginner	n.初学者，生手	beginner - The training course is suitable for both beginners and experienced programmers.
beginning	n. 开始，开端；起源，早期阶段	beginning - At the beginning of the project, we set clear goals and timelines.
behalf	n. 利益;方面;支持	behalf - On behalf of the team, I would like to thank you for your support.
behave	vi. 举动;表现;运转	behave - All employees should behave professionally in the workplace.
behavior	n. 行为，举止；(机器等)运转情况	behavior - His good behavior at work earned him a promotion.
behind	prep. 在…的背后，(遗留)在…后面；落后于	behind - He fell behind the schedule because of his illness.
behindhand	adj.落后，事后	behindhand - The payment is behindhand, so we need to remind the client.
being	n. 生物，生命，存在；	being - The new policy is beneficial to the well-being of all employees.
belief	n. 信任，相信，信念；信仰，信条	belief - Our belief is that quality is the key to the company’s success.
believe	vt. 相信，认为vi. 相信，信任，信奉	believe - We believe that the new product will be popular in the market.
bell	n. 钟，铃	bell - The school bell rang, and the students rushed out of the classroom.
belly	n. 腹部,腹腔	belly - He laughed so hard that his belly hurt.
belong	v. (to)属于，附属，隶属；应归入(类别，范畴等)	belong - This file belongs to the finance department, not the marketing team.
beloved	a./n. 被热爱的(人)	beloved - The beloved CEO retired after 30 years of service to the company.
below	prep. 在…下面，在…以下ad. 在下面，向下	below - The temperature below zero degrees Celsius will affect the equipment.
belt	n. (皮)带，腰带；地带	belt - He wore a leather belt with his suit to the business meeting.
bench	n. 长凳，条凳；(工作)台，座	bench - There is a bench in the park near the office for employees to rest.
bend	n./v. 弯,弯腰	bend - The road bends sharply ahead, so we need to drive carefully.
beneath	prep. 在…下边，在…之下ad. 在下方	beneath - The keys were hidden beneath the pile of documents.
beneficial	a. 有益的,有利的	beneficial - Regular exercise is beneficial to both physical and mental health.
beneficiary	n.受益者	beneficiary - The employees are the main beneficiaries of the company’s profit-sharing plan.
benefit	n. 利益,恩惠,津贴	benefit - The new policy will benefit all employees in the company.
benevolence	n.慈悲，捐助	benevolence - The company’s benevolence is reflected in its donations to charity.
benevolent	adj.乐善好施的	benevolent - The benevolent boss donated money to build a school in the rural area.
bent	n. 爱好,癖好	bent - The metal rod was bent into a circle.
berry	n.浆果(如草莓等)	berry - The cake is decorated with fresh berries and cream.
beside	prep. 在…旁边，在…附近；和…相比	beside - She sat beside the manager during the meeting.
besides	ad. 此外；并且prep. 于…之外；除…以外	besides - Besides the salary, the company offers a generous bonus and benefits.
best	a. 最好的(good和well的最高级)ad. 最好地；最	best - He did his best to complete the task on time.
best-seller	n.畅销书(货)	best-seller - The book written by the CEO became a best-seller in the business category.
best-selling	adj.畅销的	best-selling - The company’s best-selling product is its smartphone.
bestow	vt.把…赠与	bestow - The company bestowed an award on the outstanding employee.
bet	v./n. 打赌,敢断定	bet - He made a bet with his colleague about the outcome of the project.
betray	vt. 背叛,泄漏,暴露,表现	betray - He would never betray the trust of his team members.
betrayal	n.背叛，暴露	betrayal - The betrayal of the partner caused great losses to the company.
better	a. 较好的ad. 更好(地)v. 改良n. 较佳者	better - We need to find a better way to improve customer satisfaction.
better-off	adj.经济情况较好的	better-off - The employees became better-off after the salary increase.
between	prep. 在…之间，在(两者)之间ad. 在中间	between - There is a close cooperation between the two departments.
beverage	n. 饮料(汽水、茶、酒等)	beverage - The office pantry provides a variety of beverages, including coffee and tea.
beware	v. 当心，谨防	beware - Beware of phishing emails that pretend to be from the company.
bewilder	vt. 迷惑,为难	bewilder - The complex technical terms bewildered the new employees.
beyond	prep. 在(或向)…的那边，远于；超出；	beyond - The cost of the project is beyond our initial budget.
bias	n./vt. 偏见;嗜好;偏倚	bias - We should avoid bias when evaluating employees’ performance.
bible	n. 圣经	bible - This technical manual is considered the bible for software developers.
bicycle	n. 自行车vi. 骑自行车	bicycle - He rides his bicycle to work every day to exercise.
bid	n./v. 出价,喊价;命令;说	bid - The company made a bid for the government’s infrastructure project.
bidding	n.投标	bidding - The bidding process for the project will be completed next month.
big	a. 大的；重要的；宽宏大量的；大受欢迎的	big - The company has a big plan to expand into the European market.
bike	n.自行车 vi.骑自行车	bike - She rode her bike to the office and parked it in the designated area.
bill	n. 账单,招贴,议案,钞票,证明书 vt. 用招贴宣传	bill - The finance department will pay the electricity bill by the end of the month.
billion	num./n. (美)十亿，(英)万亿	billion - The company’s market value reached 10 billion dollars last year.
bind	v. 捆;使结合;包扎;装钉;使受约束	bind - The contract binds both parties to fulfill their obligations.
binding	n.装订	binding - The agreement is legally binding and cannot be broken easily.
biographer	n.传记记者	biographer - The biographer is writing a book about the life of the famous entrepreneur.
biography	n. 传记,传记文学	biography - He read the biography of Steve Jobs to learn about his management philosophy.
biologist	n.生物学家	biologist - The biologist conducted research on the effects of pollution on plants.
biology	n. 生物学	biology - He majored in biology in college and now works in a pharmaceutical company.
bird	n. 鸟，雀；女人；嘘声	bird - A bird built a nest on the tree outside the office window.
birth	n. 出生，诞生；出身，血统；起源；出现	birth - The company celebrated the birth of its new product with a launch event.
birthday	n. 生日；(成方)纪念日	birthday - The team held a small party to celebrate the manager’s birthday.
birthplace	n.出生地	birthplace - The birthplace of the company is a small garage in the city.
biscuit	n. 饼干，点心	biscuit - She brought a box of biscuits to share with her colleagues.
bishop	n.(基督教的)主教	bishop - The bishop attended the opening ceremony of the new church.
bit	n. 一点,一些；小块,少量；片刻;[计	bit - He is a bit tired after working overtime for three days.
bite	v./n. 咬,叮,刺,紧握,鱼上钩	bite - He got a bite from a mosquito during the outdoor team-building activity.
bitter	a. 有苦味的;辛酸的;怀恨的;n. 苦啤酒	bitter - The bitter taste of the medicine made him frown.
bitterly	ad.苦苦地；悲痛地	bitterly - He regretted bitterly for missing the important meeting.
bitterness	n.苦味，辛酸，苦难	bitterness - The bitterness between the two teams was resolved by the manager.
b/l	n.(缩)提单	b/l - The shipping department needs to prepare the b/l (bill of lading) for the goods.
black	a. 黑(色)的；黑暗的n. 黑(色)；黑暗；黑人	black - He wore a black suit to the formal business dinner.
blackboard	n. 黑板	blackboard - The teacher wrote the key points on the blackboard.
blacksmith	n.铁匠，锻工	blacksmith - The blacksmith forged a metal part for the old machine.
blade	n. 刀刃，刀片；桨叶；草叶，叶片	blade - The blade of the knife is sharp enough to cut paper easily.
blame	vt. 责备,找…的差错 n. 责任	blame - We should not blame others for our own mistakes.
blank	a. (纸)没有写字的;(表格)空白的;失色的;n. 空白;空虚;空弹	blank - Please fill in the blank with your name and employee ID.
blanket	n. 毯子(可数)；厚厚一层(可数)vt. 铺上一层	blanket - She covered herself with a blanket when she felt cold in the office.
blast	n. 一阵;爆炸气浪;巨响; vt. (用炸药)炸,摧毁	blast - A blast of wind blew the papers off the desk.
blaze	n. 火焰,光辉;爆发;v. 熊熊燃烧;闪耀;(感情)激发	blaze - The blaze in the factory was put out by the firefighters in time.
bleach	n. 漂白剂;v. 漂白	bleach - She used bleach to clean the stains on the tablecloth.
bleed	v. 流血,悲痛,同情	bleed - His hand began to bleed after he cut it with a piece of paper.
blend	v./n. 混合,把…混成一体,混合物	blend - The new product is a blend of traditional and modern technology.
bless	vt. 求上帝赐福于,祝福,使神圣	bless - The employees prayed to bless the company with prosperity.
blessing	n.祝福	blessing - The successful launch of the product is a blessing for the entire team.
blind	a. 盲的，瞎的；盲目的vt. 使失明n. 百叶窗	blind - The blind man crossed the street with the help of a guide dog.
blink	v./n. 眨眼睛,一瞥	blink - She didn’t blink when the manager asked her a difficult question.
block	n. 大块木料,街区,事物的聚集,障碍物 vt. 阻碍,破坏	block - The traffic jam blocked the road to the office.
blockage	n.封锁	blockage - The blockage in the pipeline caused a delay in the production process.
blond	n.白肤金发碧眼的人	blond - The new employee has long blond hair and blue eyes.
blood	n. 血液，血；血统，血亲；血气	blood - The nurse checked the blood pressure of the employee who felt unwell.
bloody	a. 流血的，血腥的	bloody - His bloody hand was bandaged by the first-aid officer.
bloom	n. 花;兴旺时期;vi. 开花;在青春时期	bloom - The flowers in the office bloom beautifully in spring.
blossom	n. 花(簇)；花期；青春vi. 开花；展开；繁荣	blossom - The cherry trees outside the office blossom every spring.
blot	n. 墨水渍;污点;缺点;vi. 涂污;(用吸水纸)吸干墨水;遮暗	blot - There is a blot of ink on the important document.
blouse	n. 女衬衣，短上衣，宽阔的罩衫	blouse - She wore a white blouse with a skirt to the office.
blow	vi. 吹，吹气，打气；吹奏；爆炸n. 打，打击	blow - The strong wind will blow the leaves off the trees.
blue	a. 蓝色的；青灰色的；沮丧的，阴郁的n. 蓝色	blue - The company’s logo is blue and white.
blunder	v. 瞎闯,犯愚蠢的错误;n. 因疏忽所犯的错误	blunder - He made a serious blunder by sending the email to the wrong client.
blunt	a. 钝的;生硬的;直率的;vt. 使钝,把…弄迟钝	blunt - The knife is blunt and needs to be sharpened.
blush	vi./n. 脸红,羞愧	blush - She began to blush when the manager praised her in public.
board	n./v. 长木板;有专门用途的木板;理事会;伙食,登 (车、船、机等),提供膳食	board - The board of directors will hold a meeting next week.
boarding	n.伙食	boarding - The boarding pass is required to enter the airplane.
boast	n./v. 自夸;自豪地拥有	boast - He likes to boast about his achievements in the workplace.
boat	n. 小船，艇	boat - They took a boat tour of the lake during the business trip.
body	n. 身体，本体；主体；尸体；物体；(一)群，批，堆	body - The company’s executive body is responsible for making important decisions.
bodyguard	n.保镖	bodyguard - The CEO has a bodyguard to ensure his safety.
boil	v. 沸腾,(感情)激动,煮沸	boil - The water in the kettle began to boil after a few minutes.
boiler	n.锅炉；热水贮槽	boiler - The boiler in the factory provides hot water for the office building.
boiling	adj.沸腾的	boiling - The boiling water scalded his hand accidentally.
bold	a. 大胆的,无耻的,醒目的	bold - He made a bold decision to invest in the new technology.
boldness	n.胆略	boldness - Her boldness in proposing new ideas impressed the manager.
bolt	n. 插销;螺栓;闪电;快跑;逃走; v. (马)等脱缰逃跑;囫囵吞下;拴紧	bolt - The door was locked with a bolt to ensure security.
bomb	n. 炸弹v. 投弹于，轰炸	bomb - The police defused the bomb found in the building.
bomber	n.轰炸机	bomber - The military bomber flew over the training area.
bona fide	adj.真诚的，无欺的	bona fide - The company is a bona fide supplier of high-quality products.
bond	n. 契约;结合;债券	bond - The bond between the team members is very strong.
bonded	adj.保税的	bonded - The bonded warehouse stores imported goods temporarily.
bone	n. 骨(骼)	bone - He broke a bone in his leg in a car accident.
bony	adj.骨头的	bony - The old man has a bony face and thin body.
bonus	n. 奖金,额外津贴	bonus - The company gave all employees a year-end bonus.
book	n. 书，书籍vt. 订(票，座位，房间等)，预定	book - He read a book about project management on the weekend.
booking	adj.定货	booking - The booking for the conference room must be done one week in advance.
booklet	n.小册子	booklet - The company printed a booklet introducing its new products.
bookcase	书橱	bookcase - There is a bookcase in the office filled with technical books.
bookshelf	n.书架	bookshelf - The bookshelf in the corner has a collection of classic novels.
bookstore	n.书店	bookstore - He bought a new dictionary at the bookstore near the office.
boom	v./n. 发出隆隆声;vi./n. (商业等的)景气,繁荣	boom - The company experienced a boom in sales after launching the new product.
booming	adj.兴旺的，繁荣的	booming - The booming economy has brought more opportunities to the company.
boost	vt./n. 增加;吹捧;提高;升	boost - The marketing campaign helped boost the company’s brand awareness.
boot	n. 靴；(汽车后部的)行李箱；[the-	boot - He wore a pair of leather boots to the business meeting.
booth	n. 有篷的售货摊,隔开的小间	booth - The company’s booth at the exhibition attracted many visitors.
border	n. 边,边沿;花园中的花坛;v. 接界,接壤	border - The company’s factory is located near the border between the two countries.
bore	v. 钻孔;厌烦;n. 孔;口径;惹人厌烦的人	bore - The long and boring meeting made everyone sleepy.
boring	adj.讨厌的	boring - The task is boring but must be completed carefully.
born	a. 出生的，产生的；天生的，十足的	born - He was born in a small town in the countryside.
borrow	vt. 借，借入；(思想、文字等)采用，抄袭	borrow - Can I borrow your pen to fill out this form?
borrowings	n.借款	borrowings - The company’s borrowings from the bank are within the safe range.
bosom	n. 胸，胸部；胸怀；内心a. 亲密的	bosom - She held the letter close to her bosom.
boss	n. 老板，上司vt. 指挥，控制，发号施令	boss - The boss praised the team for their excellent work.
bossy	adj.好发号施令的	bossy - The bossy employee always tells others what to do.
both	prep. 两者(都)，双方(都)adj. 两个…(都)	both - Both the marketing and R&D teams participated in the project.
bother	v./n. 麻烦,打扰	bother - I’m sorry to bother you, but I need your help with this problem.
bottle	n. 瓶(子)v. 装瓶	bottle - There is a bottle of water on the desk for you.
bottle-neck	n.影响的环节	bottle-neck - The shortage of raw materials is the bottle-neck of the production process.
bottom	n. 底(部)；基础，根基；海底，湖底，河床	bottom - The bottom of the box is broken, so we need a new one.
bottom-line	n.末行数字，结果	bottom-line - The bottom-line of the negotiation is that we cannot reduce the price further.
bough	n.树枝	bough - A bough fell from the tree during the storm.
bounce	v./n. (球等)反跳,弹起,乱冲	bounce - The ball bounced off the wall and hit the window.
bound	vt./n. 跳跃前进,跳跃; a. [bind 的过去分词	bound - The package is bound for the client’s office in New York.
boundary	n. 边界,分界线	boundary - We need to clarify the boundary of responsibilities between the two teams.
bourgeois	a.资产阶级的；平庸的	bourgeois - The novel describes the life of the bourgeois in the 19th century.
bow	v./n. 鞠躬，点头n. 弓(形)；蝴蝶结	bow - He gave a bow to the audience after his speech.
bowl	n. 碗(状物)，钵	bowl - She ate a bowl of noodles for lunch.
bowling	n. 保龄球运动	bowling - The employees went bowling after work on Friday.
box	n. 盒，箱；包厢v. 把…装箱；拳击，打耳光	box - The new equipment was delivered in a wooden box.
boxer	n.拳击运动员	boxer - The professional boxer won the championship match.
boxing	n.拳击	boxing - He practices boxing every week to keep fit.
boxing-day	n.节礼日	boxing-day - In some countries, boxing-day is a public holiday after Christmas.
boy	n. 男孩子，儿子；男性服务员	boy - The boy delivered newspapers to the office building every morning.
boycott	vt./n. 联合抵制	boycott - The consumers decided to boycott the company’s products because of the scandal.
brace	n. 用以夹住或支撑的东西;拉条;撑臂;背带;v. 支住;奋起振作	brace - He wore a brace on his injured knee.
bracket	n. (方)括号	bracket - The shelf is fixed to the wall with metal brackets.
brag	v.吹嘘，夸口	brag - He likes to brag about his connections in the industry.
brain	n. (大)脑，骨髓；(pl.)脑力，智能	brain - He has a sharp brain and can solve problems quickly.
brake	n./v. 刹车	brake - The driver stepped on the brake to avoid hitting the pedestrian.
branch	n. (树)条，分支；分店；(学科)分科，部门；支流	branch - The company opened a new branch in Shanghai last year.
brand	n./v. 商标;烙印;污辱	brand - The company’s brand is well-known for its quality and reliability.
brandy	n. 白兰地酒	brandy - They drank a glass of brandy at the business dinner.
brass	n. 黄铜，铜器	brass - The doorknob is made of polished brass.
brave	a. 勇敢的v. 勇敢地面对(危险等)	brave - The brave firefighter saved the child from the burning building.
bravely	adv.勇敢地	bravely - She faced the challenge bravely and completed the task successfully.
bravery	n.勇敢	bravery - His bravery in the emergency was praised by the company.
brazil	n.巴西	brazil - The company imports coffee beans from Brazil.
Brazilian	adj. &n.巴西的(人)	Brazilian - We are cooperating with a Brazilian company on the agricultural project.
breach	n. 缺口;违背	breach - The breach of the contract led to a legal dispute between the two companies.
bread	n. 面包	bread - The bakery delivers fresh bread to the office every morning.
bread-earner	n.挣钱养家的人	bread-earner - He is the only bread-earner in his family.
breadth	n. 宽度，幅	breadth - The breadth of his knowledge impressed his colleagues.
break	vt. 打破；中止；违反vi. 破(裂)n. 休息时间	break - We took a 15-minute break during the long meeting.
breakage	n.裂口	breakage - The breakage of the equipment was caused by improper operation.
breakdown	n. 损坏;故障;垮下来;会谈破裂	breakdown - The breakdown of the server caused a delay in the work.
breakthrough	n. 军事突破;重大发明(发现)	breakthrough - The team made a major breakthrough in the research project.
breakfast	n. 早餐v. (给某人)吃早餐	breakfast - The company provides free breakfast for employees who come to work early.
breast	n. 胸膛，乳房	breast - The bird flapped its wings and flew away from its nest in the breast of the tree.
breath	n. 呼吸，气息	breath - He took a deep breath before giving the presentation.
breathe	v. 呼吸，吸入	breathe - It is difficult to breathe in the polluted air.
breed	v. 繁殖,生育;教养;引起;n. 品种,类型	breed - The farm breeds cows and sheep for milk and meat.
breeze	n. 微风	breeze - A cool breeze blew through the open window of the office.
bribe	n./vt. 贿赂,行贿	bribe - The corrupt official was arrested for taking bribes from businessmen.
bribery	v.贿赂	bribery - The company has a strict policy against bribery and corruption.
brick	n. 砖块，砖v. 用砖围砌，用砖填补	brick - The office building is made of red bricks and glass.
bride	n. 新娘	bride - The bride and groom held their wedding in the garden of the hotel.
bridegroom	n.新郎	bridegroom - The bridegroom is a software engineer in our company.
bridge	n. 桥；桥牌；鼻梁vt. 架桥；渡过	bridge - The new bridge connects the two parts of the city.
bridle	n.笼子；束缚vt.抑制	bridle - The horse was controlled by a leather bridle.
brief	a. 简短的，简洁的v. 简短介绍，简要汇报	brief - The manager gave a brief introduction to the new project.
briefing	n.简要情况	briefing - The team attended a briefing on the new safety regulations.
briefly	adv.简单地，简短地	briefly - He briefly explained the main points of the plan.
bright	a. 明亮的，辉煌的；聪明的；欢快的，美好的	bright - The bright sunlight made it hard to see the computer screen.
brighten	vt.使发光；使快活	brighten - The flowers brightened up the dull office space.
brightness	n.明亮，辉煌，聪明	brightness - The brightness of the monitor can be adjusted according to the light.
brilliance	n.辉煌，光彩	brilliance - The brilliance of his idea led to the success of the project.
brilliant	a. 光辉的,英明的	brilliant - She made a brilliant suggestion that solved the problem quickly.
brim	n. 边缘，帽沿	brim - The cup was filled to the brim with coffee.
bring	v. 拿来，带来；产生，引起；使处于某种状态	bring - Please bring your laptop to the meeting tomorrow.
brink	n. 边缘(通常指处于某种糟糕的局势中)	brink - The company was on the brink of bankruptcy before the new CEO took over.
brisk	a. 轻快的;兴隆的;寒冷而清新的	brisk - The brisk walk in the morning helps him stay energetic at work.
bristle	n.短而硬的毛；鬃毛	bristle - The brush has stiff bristles that can clean the dirt effectively.
Britain	n.不列颠，英国	Britain - The company has established a good reputation in Britain.
British	a.不列颠的，英联邦的	British - The British team will cooperate with us on the research project.
brittle	a. 易碎的,脆弱的	brittle - The brittle glass broke into pieces when it fell on the floor.
broad	a. 宽的，广阔的；广大的；宽宏的，豁达的	broad - The company has a broad customer base in the domestic market.
broadcast	v./n. 广播(节目)	broadcast - The company’s new product launch was broadcast live on social media.
broadcasting	n.广播节目	broadcasting - The broadcasting industry has developed rapidly with the rise of the internet.
broaden	vt.&vi.放宽，变阔	broaden - The training course helps broaden the employees’ horizons.
brochure	n. 有插图的小册子	brochure - The company’s brochure introduces its products and services in detail.
broken	a.被打碎的，骨折的	broken - The broken printer needs to be repaired by the IT department.
broker	n.经纪人	broker - The broker helped the company find a suitable partner for the project.
bronze	n./v. 青铜,青铜色,青铜器	bronze - The statue in the office lobby is made of bronze.
brood	n. 同窝幼鸟;一个家庭的孩子;vi. 孵幼雏;沉思	brood - The hen sat on its eggs to brood them.
brook	n. 小溪vt.容忍	brook - A small brook runs through the park near the office.
broom	n. 扫帚	broom - She used a broom to clean the floor of the office.
brother	n. 兄弟；同胞；教友	brother - His brother works as a marketing manager in another company.
brotherhood	n.兄弟情谊	brotherhood - The brotherhood between the team members helps them overcome difficulties together.
brother-in-law	n.姻兄(弟)	brother-in-law - Her brother-in-law is a senior engineer in our department.
brow	n. 眉(毛)；额	brow - He frowned and wrinkled his brow when he saw the problem.
brown	n./a. 褐色(的)，棕色(的)	brown - The wooden desk in the office is brown.
bruise	n./v. 青肿,受伤,伤痕	bruise - He got a bruise on his arm after bumping into the door.
brush	n. 刷(子)，毛刷；画笔v. 刷，擦，掸，拂；掠过	brush - She used a brush to paint the wall of her new house.
brutal	a. 野蛮的,残忍的	brutal - The brutal competition in the market forced the company to improve its products.
brute	n.禽兽，畜生	brute - The brute force attack on the company’s website was blocked by the firewall.
bubble	n. 气泡,泡沫	bubble - The children blew bubbles in the park during the family day.
bucket	n. 水桶,一桶之量	bucket - He carried a bucket of water to clean the windows.
bud	n./vi 芽,萌芽	bud - The rose buds in the office will bloom in a few days.
Buddhism	n.佛教，释教	Buddhism - Many people in the region believe in Buddhism.
Buddhist	n.佛教徒	Buddhist - The Buddhist temple is a popular tourist attraction in the city.
budget	n./vi. 预算	budget - The finance department is working on the budget for next year.
buffalo	n.水牛；水陆坦克	buffalo - The buffalo graze on the grassland in the countryside.
buffet	n. (火车内)餐室,冷餐桌	buffet - The company’s annual dinner is a buffet with a variety of dishes.
bug	n. 臭虫,病毒传染,窃听器 vt. 窃听	bug - The IT team fixed a bug in the software before its release.
bugle	n.军号，喇叭	bugle - The soldier played the bugle to signal the start of the ceremony.
build	vt. 建造，建筑；建设，建立vi. 增大，增强	build - The company plans to build a new factory in the industrial park.
builder	n.建筑工人，建设者	builder - The builder is responsible for constructing the new office building.
building	n. 建筑(物)，房屋，大楼	building - The office building is equipped with the latest security system.
bulb	n. 鳞茎,球茎,球状物	bulb - The light bulb in the conference room needs to be replaced.
bulk	n. 容量;体积;大块	bulk - The company buys raw materials in bulk to reduce costs.
bulky	adj.庞大的，笨重的	bulky - The bulky equipment was transported to the factory by truck.
bull	n. 公牛,雄性的鲸、象等大动物	bull - The bull market has lasted for several months, benefiting many investors.
bullet	n. 子弹，枪弹	bullet - The bullet train connects the two cities in just two hours.
bulletin	n. 公报	bulletin - The company’s internal bulletin contains important announcements for employees.
bullion	n.金块，金条	bullion - The bank stores gold bullion in its vault.
bullish	adj.行情看涨的	bullish - The investors are bullish about the company’s future development.
bump	v./n. 撞击;颠簸地行驶;凹凸不平;ad. 猛烈地	bump - The car bumped into a tree on the way to the office.
bumpy	adj.颠簸不平的	bumpy - The bumpy road made the journey to the factory uncomfortable.
bunch	n./v. 束,串	bunch - She received a bunch of flowers from her colleagues on her birthday.
bundle	n./v. 捆,包,匆忙地放进	bundle - The documents were tied up in a bundle with a string.
burden	n. 担子，重担，负担vt. 给予负担或麻烦	burden - The heavy workload is a burden for the employees.
burdensome	adj.沉重的	burdensome - The burdensome regulations have affected the company’s development.
bureau	n. 署，局，司，处	bureau - The travel bureau arranged the business trip for the manager.
bureaucracy	n. 官僚	bureaucracy - The bureaucracy in the government has slowed down the approval process.
bureaucratic	adj.官僚主义的	bureaucratic - The bureaucratic procedures are too complicated for small businesses.
burglar	n. (入室行窃的)盗贼	burglar - The burglar broke into the office and stole some computers.
burglary	n.盗窃	burglary - The company reported the burglary to the police immediately.
burial	n. 葬,埋藏	burial - The burial of the famous scientist was attended by many people.
burn	v. 燃烧，烧着；烧毁；灼伤n. 烧伤，灼伤	burn - He burned his hand when he touched the hot kettle.
burner	n.灯头，煤气头	burner - The gas burner in the kitchen is not working properly.
burnt	adj.烧焦的，烧坏的	burnt - The burnt toast is not suitable for breakfast.
burst	v. 爆裂，炸破；突然发生n. 突然破裂，爆发	burst - The balloon burst with a loud pop, scaring the children.
bury	v. 埋(葬)，安葬；埋藏，遮盖	bury - He buried his face in his hands and sighed deeply.
bus	n. 公共汽车，总线，信息通路	bus - He takes the bus to work every day to avoid traffic jams.
bush	n. 灌木(丛)	bush - The bird hid in the bush to avoid being caught.
bushel	n.蒲式耳(容量单位)	bushel - The farmer harvested a bushel of apples from his orchard.
business	n. 商业，生意；事务，业务，职责	business - The company’s main business is software development and sales.
businesslike	adj.事务式的	businesslike - She has a businesslike attitude and always completes tasks efficiently.
busy	a. 忙，忙碌的；热闹的，繁忙的；(电话)占线	busy - The employees are busy preparing for the upcoming exhibition.
but	conj. 但是prep. 除…以外ad. 只，才，仅仅	but - The plan is good, but it needs to be adjusted according to the situation.
butcher	n. 屠夫,残杀者;vt. 屠宰,屠杀	butcher - The butcher sells fresh meat at the market near the office.
butchery	n.肉食店	butchery - The butchery is located on the corner of the street.
butt	n.大酒桶，桶	butt - He put out the cigarette butt in the ashtray.
butter	n. 黄油，奶油v. 涂黄油于…上	butter - She spread butter on the bread for breakfast.
butterfly	n. 蝴蝶	butterfly - A colorful butterfly flew into the office and landed on the window.
button	n. 纽扣，按钮(开关)v. 扣紧；扣上纽扣	button - The button on his shirt fell off, so he sewed it back on.
buy	vt. 买，买得；向…行贿，收买vi. 购买东西	buy - The company plans to buy a new server for the IT department.
buyer	n.购买者	buyer - The buyer from the supermarket negotiated the price with the supplier.
buzz	v./n. 嗡嗡叫;匆忙行走;耳鸣	buzz - The office was filled with the buzz of conversation during the break.
by	prep. 被；凭借；经由；由于ad. 在近旁；经过	by - The report must be submitted by the end of the day.
bygone	n.已往的，过时的	bygone - The bygone days of the company are recorded in the history book.
bypass	n. 迂回的旁道;旁路;vt. 加设旁道;回避;躲开	bypass - The new road will bypass the city center to reduce traffic congestion.
by-product	n.副产品	by-product - The production of the main product generates a valuable by-product.
cab	n. 出租车，出租马车；驾驶室vi. 乘出租马车	cab - He took a cab to the airport to catch the flight.
cabbage	n. 洋白菜，卷心菜	cabbage - The restaurant serves a salad made with cabbage and carrots.
cabin	n. 船舱,机舱,小木屋	cabin - The cabin on the ship is small but comfortable.
cabinet	n. 柜橱,内阁	cabinet - The files are stored in the cabinet in the manager’s office.
cable	n. 缆,索,电缆 v. 拍电报	cable - The cable company installed a new internet line for the office.
cafe	n. 咖啡馆,酒吧,餐馆	cafe - They had a cup of coffee at the cafe near the office.
cafeteria	n. 自助食堂,自助餐馆	cafeteria - The company’s cafeteria provides three meals a day for employees.
cage	n. 鸟笼	cage - The bird was kept in a cage in the office.
cake	n. 饼，糕，蛋糕；扁平的块状物	cake - The team celebrated the project’s success with a big cake.
calculate	v. 计算，推算；计划，打算	calculate - The finance department needs to calculate the profit of the project.
calculation	n.计算，计算结果	calculation - The calculation of the budget took the team two weeks.
calculus	n.微积分；结石	calculus - He studied calculus in college and now uses it in his work.
calendar	n. 历书,日历,历法	calendar - The calendar on the wall marks the important dates for the company.
calf	n.小牛，腿肚子	calf - The calf followed its mother closely on the farm.
call	vt. 叫，喊；打电话vi. 叫；访问n. 叫；号召	call - The manager will call the client to confirm the order.
calm	a. (天气，海洋等)静的n. 平静v. (使)平静	calm - She remained calm when facing the emergency at work.
calmly	adv.平静地，沉着地	calmly - He handled the problem calmly and found a solution quickly.
calorie	n. 卡(热量单位)	calorie - The nutrition label shows that the snack contains 100 calories per serving.
camel	n. 骆驼	camel - The camel is known as the ship of the desert.
camera	n. 照相机，摄影机	camera - The photographer used a professional camera to take pictures of the product.
camp	n. 野营，营地；帐篷，阵营v. 设营，宿营	camp - The employees went to a summer camp during the vacation.
campaign	n. 战役,运动 vi. 参加运动	campaign - The marketing team launched a new advertising campaign for the product.
camping	n.野营	camping - They went camping in the mountains during the weekend.
campus	n. 校园	campus - The company held a job fair on the university campus.
can	aux./v. 能；可以n. 罐头；容器vt. 把…装罐	can - We can finish the task on time if we work together.
Canada	n.加拿大	Canada - The company exports its products to Canada and the United States.
Canadian	a.加拿大的	Canadian - The Canadian delegation visited our company last week.
canal	n. 运河,河渠,动植物体内的管道	canal - The canal connects the two rivers and facilitates transportation.
canary	n.金丝雀	canary - The canary sang beautifully in the cage.
cancel	v. 删去,取消	cancel - The meeting was canceled due to the manager’s illness.
cancellation	n.删除，取消	cancellation - The cancellation of the flight caused a delay in the business trip.
cancer	n. 癌	cancer - The company donated money to the cancer research foundation.
candid	adj.坦白的，直率的	candid - He gave a candid opinion about the project’s shortcomings.
candidate	n. 候选人,应试人	candidate - There are three candidates for the position of team leader.
candle	n. 蜡烛	candle - They lit candles to celebrate the festival.
candy	n. 糖果	candy - The children received candy as a gift at the company’s family day.
cane	n. 茎,手杖,甘蔗	cane - The old man walked with a cane to support himself.
canned	adj.罐装的	canned - The office pantry has canned food for emergency use.
cannon	n. 大炮 vi. 开炮	cannon - The cannon was used in the military parade.
canoe	n. 独木舟，小游艇	canoe - They paddled a canoe down the river during the trip.
canon	n.规范，准则	canon - The canon of the company’s code of conduct must be followed by all employees.
canteen	n. 食堂,小卖部,餐具箱,水壶	canteen - The workers usually have lunch at the company canteen.
canvas	n. 粗帆布,油画布	canvas - The artist painted a beautiful landscape on a piece of white canvas.
canvass	v.游说	canvass - We need to canvass local residents to get their opinions on the new policy.
cap	n. 便帽，军帽；盖，罩，套v. 覆盖于…顶端	cap - He wore a baseball cap to protect his head from the sun.
capability	n.能力，才能；性能	capability - The new software enhances the system’s capability to process large amounts of data.
capable	a. 有本领的，有能力的；(of)可以…的，能…的	capable - She is a highly capable engineer who can solve complex problems efficiently.
capacity	n. 容量,容积;理解力;地位;资格	capacity - The stadium has a seating capacity of over 50,000 people.
cape	n. 海角,岬	cape - The explorer wore a thick cape to keep warm in the cold mountain wind.
capita	n.人	capita - The country’s GDP per capita has increased steadily over the past decade.
capital	n. 首都,大写字母,资本 a. 可处死刑的	capital - Beijing is the capital city of China.
capitalism	n. 资本主义	capitalism - Many Western countries operate under a system of capitalism.
capitalist	adj.资本主义的	capitalist - He is a successful capitalist who owns several large enterprises.
capitalization	n.资本化	capitalization - Correct capitalization is essential for writing formal English documents.
capitalize	v.大写，资本化	capitalize - You should capitalize the first letter of a proper noun.
captain	n. 首领，队长；船长；上尉v. 做…的首领，指挥	captain - The captain of the ship guided the vessel safely through the storm.
caption	n. 报纸文章的标题,照片说明	caption - The photo had a funny caption that made everyone laugh.
captive	n./a. 俘虏,迷恋者;被俘虏的,被拴住的	captive - The zoo keeps several captive animals in spacious enclosures.
capture	v./n. 捕获，俘虏；夺得，攻占	capture - The photographer tried to capture the perfect moment of the sunset.
car	n. 汽车，车辆，车；(火车)车厢	car - She bought a new electric car to reduce her carbon footprint.
caravan	n.车队，大蓬车	caravan - A group of travelers crossed the desert in a caravan of camels.
carbon	n. 碳	carbon - Carbon is an essential element for all living organisms.
card	n. 卡片，名片；纸牌；纸片	card - He sent a birthday card to his best friend last week.
cardboard	n.硬纸板	cardboard - We used thick cardboard to make a model of the castle.
cardinal	a. 主要的,基本的;n. 深红色;基数	cardinal - The cardinal rule of this game is to never cheat.
care	n. 小心；关怀，照料v. (about)关心，介意，计较	care - Please take good care of my pet dog while I am away.
career	n. (个人的)事业；专业，生涯，职业，经历	career - She decided to pursue a career in medicine after graduating from college.
careful	a. 小心的，仔细的；细致的，精心的	careful - Be careful when you cross the busy street.
careless	a.粗心的，漫不经心的	careless - A careless mistake caused the entire project to fail.
carelessness	n.粗心	carelessness - His carelessness led to the loss of important documents.
cargo	n. 船货，货物	cargo - The ship was loaded with heavy cargo bound for Europe.
carol	n.颂歌	carol - People sing Christmas carols to celebrate the holiday season.
carpenter	n. 木工,木匠	carpenter - The skilled carpenter built a custom-made bookshelf for our living room.
carpet	n. 地毯	carpet - We replaced the old carpet with a new one made of wool.
carriage	n. (四轮)马车；(火车)客车厢	carriage - The royal family arrived at the palace in a horse-drawn carriage.
carrier	n. 运货人;带菌者;运输军队的交通工具	carrier - This airline is one of the largest freight carriers in the world.
carrot	n. 胡萝卜	carrot - Eating a carrot every day is good for your eyesight.
carry	v. 运送，搬运；传送，传播；领，带	carry - Could you help me carry these boxes to the third floor?
cart	n. 马车,手推车 vt. 用车装载	cart - The farmer used a wooden cart to transport vegetables to the market.
carton	n. 纸盒,纸板箱,塑料箱	carton - She bought a carton of milk from the supermarket.
cartoon	n. 漫画,动画片	cartoon - My little brother loves watching cartoons on TV every morning.
cartridge	n.弹药筒，子弹；软片	cartridge - You need to replace the ink cartridge when the printer runs out of ink.
carve	v. 雕刻;切(熟肉等)	carve - They plan to carve the turkey for the Thanksgiving dinner.
carving	n.雕塑	carving - The wooden carving on the wall is a masterpiece of traditional art.
case	n. 箱，盒，容器；情况，事实；病例；案件	case - In this particular case, we need to follow the company’s strict rules.
cash	n. 现金，现款v. 兑现，付(或收)现款	cash - The shop only accepts cash payments, not credit cards.
cashier	n. 出纳员	cashier - The cashier at the checkout counter gave me the wrong change.
cassette	n. 磁带盒,照相软片盒	cassette - I found an old cassette tape with my favorite songs from the 1990s.
cast	n./v. 投,掷,抛;铸造;扮演角色	cast - The director will cast a new actor in the leading role of the movie.
castle	n. 城堡；(国际象棋中的)车	castle - The ancient castle on the hill has a history of over 800 years.
casual	a. 偶然的,碰巧的,随便的,临时的	casual - He wore casual clothes to the weekend party.
casualty	n. 伤亡人员	casualty - The earthquake caused many casualties and property damage.
cat	n. 猫；猫科；	cat - My pet cat likes to sleep on the windowsill in the afternoon.
catalog	n. 目录(册)v. 编目(录)	catalog - The company released a new product catalog for the upcoming season.
catastrophe	n. 大灾难；(悲剧)结局	catastrophe - The oil spill was an environmental catastrophe that affected the entire coastline.
catalyst	n. 催化剂;造成变化的人或事	catalyst - Enzymes act as a catalyst to speed up chemical reactions in the body.
catch	v. 捕捉，捕获；赶上；感染；理解，听到	catch - I tried to catch the ball, but it slipped through my fingers.
category	n. 种类,类目	category - This book falls into the category of science fiction.
cater	vi. 供应伙食;为…提供服务,满足…的要求	cater - The restaurant can cater to large groups of up to 200 people.
cathedral	n. 总教堂,大教堂	cathedral - The Gothic cathedral in the city center is a popular tourist attraction.
catholic	n. 天主教教徒	catholic - She was raised in a Catholic family and attends church every Sunday.
cattle	n. 牛；牲口，家畜	cattle - The farmer raises cattle on his vast ranch in the countryside.
cause	n. 原因；事业，事件，奋斗目标v. 使产生，引起	cause - The heavy rain was the main cause of the flood in the town.
caution	n./vt. 小心;告诫,警告	caution - The sign on the road warns drivers to proceed with caution.
cautious	a. (of)小心的，谨慎的	cautious - He is a cautious investor who never takes unnecessary risks.
cavalry	n.骑兵，马术	cavalry - The cavalry played a crucial role in the battle during the war.
cave	n. 洞，穴	cave - The explorers discovered a hidden cave filled with ancient artifacts.
cavern	n.酒馆	cavern - The large cavern was so dark that they needed flashlights to see.
cavity	n. 洞	cavity - The dentist filled the cavity in my tooth to prevent further decay.
cease	v. 停止	cease - The two countries agreed to cease fire after months of fighting.
ceiling	n. 天花板；(规定价格、工资等的)最高限额	ceiling - The ceiling of the concert hall is decorated with beautiful murals.
celebrate	vt. 庆祝；颂扬，赞美vi. 庆祝，过节	celebrate - We will celebrate our parents’ 25th wedding anniversary next month.
celebration	n.庆祝仪式	celebration - The city held a grand celebration to mark its 100th founding anniversary.
celery	n.芹菜	celery - Celery is a crunchy vegetable often used in salads and soups.
cell	n. 细胞；小房间；蜂房；电池	cell - A single cell is the basic unit of life for all living things.
cellar	n. 地窖,酒窖	cellar - The old house has a cellar where they store wine and canned food.
cement	n. 水泥,结合剂 vt. 黏结,胶合	cement - The workers used cement to build the foundation of the new building.
cemetery	n. 公墓,墓地	cemetery - People visit the cemetery to pay their respects to their deceased relatives.
censor	n./vt. 审查,审查员;删改	censor - The government has the right to censor content that violates national laws.
censorship	n.审查	censorship - Some people argue that censorship limits freedom of speech.
cent	n. (货币单位)分,分币	cent - The price of this candy is only 50 cents each.
centigrade	n./a. 摄氏温度计(的)；百分度(的)	centigrade - The temperature today is 25 degrees centigrade, which is very comfortable.
centimeter	n. 厘米	centimeter - The length of this pencil is about 18 centimeters.
central	a. 中心的，中央的，中枢的；主要的	central - The hotel is located in the central part of the city, close to many attractions.
center	n. 中心，中央，中间vt. 集中vi. 以…为中心	center - The shopping center is crowded with people on weekends.
century	n. 世纪，(一)百年	century - The invention of the computer changed the world in the 20th century.
cereal	n. 谷类粮食	cereal - I usually eat a bowl of cereal with milk for breakfast.
ceremonial	adj.仪式的	ceremonial - The president attended a ceremonial parade on National Day.
ceremony	n. 典礼,仪式,礼节	ceremony - The graduation ceremony will be held in the school auditorium next week.
certain	a. 某，某一，某些；(of)一定的，确信的，可靠的	certain - I am certain that he will come to the meeting on time.
certainly	ad. 一定，必定，无疑；当然，行	certainly - You will certainly pass the exam if you study hard.
certainty	n. 必然的事,必然,确实,肯定	certainty - There is no certainty that the plan will be successful.
certificate	n. 证(明)书，执照	certificate - She received a certificate of achievement for her excellent performance.
certification	n.证明	certification - The company offers professional certification courses for IT engineers.
certify	v. (发给证书)证明;证实	certify - The organization will certify the product if it meets the safety standards.
chain	n. 链(条)；(pl.)镣铐；一连串v. 用链条拴住	chain - She wore a gold chain around her neck.
chair	n. 椅子；(会议的)主席vt. 当…的主席，主持	chair - Please pull up a chair and join our conversation.
chairman	n. 主席，议长，会长，董事长	chairman - The chairman of the board will announce the new company policy tomorrow.
chairperson	n.主席(无性别之分)	chairperson - The chairperson of the committee presided over the meeting.
chairwoman	n.女主席，女董事长	chairwoman - The chairwoman of the association is a well-known public figure.
chalk	n. 粉笔，白垩	chalk - The teacher wrote on the blackboard with a piece of white chalk.
challenge	n./v. 挑战,提出异议	challenge - Learning a new language is a challenging but rewarding experience.
challenging	adj.具有挑战性的	challenging - The math problem is so challenging that only a few students can solve it.
chamber	n. 房间;议院;贸易团体;弹膛	chamber - The musicians performed in a small chamber with excellent acoustics.
champion	n. 冠军;拥护;vt. 支持,拥护;保卫	champion - He became the world champion in swimming at the age of 22.
championship	n.锦标(赛)	championship - Our school’s basketball team won the national championship this year.
chance	n. 机会；可能性；偶然性，运气v. 碰巧，偶然发生	chance - You should take the chance to study abroad if you get the opportunity.
change	n. 改变，变化；零钱v. 更换，调换，交换；改变	change - The weather can change quickly in the mountainous area.
changeable	adj.变化的	changeable - The UK is famous for its changeable weather.
channel	n. 海峡，水道；信道，波道；路线，途径	channel - We watched the football match on the sports channel.
chaos	n. 混乱,纷乱	chaos - The sudden power outage caused chaos in the busy shopping mall.
chap	n./v. (皮肤)变粗糙；发痛n. 小伙子	chap - He is a friendly chap who always helps his neighbors.
chapter	n. 章；回，篇	chapter - The first chapter of the book introduces the main character’s background.
character	n. 性格，品质，特性；人物，角色；字符，(汉)字	character - The main character in the novel is a brave and kind-hearted girl.
characteristic	a./n. 特有的,表示特征的;特性	characteristic - A characteristic feature of this plant is its large, colorful flowers.
characteristical	adj.特征的	characteristical - Her characteristical optimism always cheers up the people around her.
characterize	v. 表示…的特性；描述…特性	characterize - The city is characterized by its unique ancient architecture.
charcoal	n.炭，木炭；生物炭	charcoal - They used charcoal to draw a sketch of the landscape.
charge	v. 要价;控告,指控;冲锋;充电	charge - The restaurant will charge a 10% service fee for large groups.
charity	n. 赈济款、物,慈善团体,博爱	charity - The celebrity donated a large sum of money to a charity for homeless children.
charm	n./v. 吸引力,可爱之处,迷人,施魔法	charm - The small town has a unique charm that attracts many tourists every year.
charming	a.迷人的，可爱的	charming - She is a charming young lady with a warm smile.
chart	n. 海图,图表	chart - The chart shows the company’s sales growth over the past five years.
charter	n./v. 宪章;特许状;租赁;vt. 特许,发执照	charter - The company decided to charter a plane to send its employees to the conference.
chase	v./n. 追逐,追赶;雕镂	chase - The police chased the thief through the narrow streets of the old town.
chat	v./n. 闲谈，聊天	chat - We had a pleasant chat over a cup of coffee yesterday afternoon.
chatter	vi.&n.喋喋不休	chatter - The chatter of the birds outside the window woke me up early in the morning.
cheap	a. 便宜的；低劣的，不值钱的	cheap - The clothes in this store are cheap but of good quality.
cheat	v. 欺骗；作弊n. 骗子；欺诈，欺骗行为	cheat - It is wrong to cheat in exams or any other competitive activities.
cheating	n.欺骗行为	cheating - The school has strict rules to punish students for cheating.
check	n. 支票，空白支票；总收入vt. 检查；核对；制止	check - Please check your email for the important notice from the manager.
check-out	n.结帐，离店时限	check-out - You need to go to the check-out counter to pay for your purchases.
check-up	n.核对，检查	check-up - I need to have a regular health check-up at the hospital next week.
cheek	n. 面颊，脸	cheek - The little boy had a chocolate stain on his left cheek.
cheeky	adj.胖乎乎的	cheeky - The cheeky child asked the stranger for a piece of candy.
cheer	n./v. 振奋,高兴,欢呼	cheer - The crowd began to cheer loudly when the team scored the winning goal.
cheerful	a.快乐的，愉快的	cheerful - She has a cheerful personality that makes everyone around her happy.
cheese	n. 干酪，乳酪	cheese - I like to put cheese on my pizza and sandwiches.
chemical	a. 化学的n. (pl.)化学制品，化学药品	chemical - The factory released harmful chemical substances into the river.
chemist	n. 化学家；药剂师	chemist - The chemist conducted an experiment to test the new drug.
chemistry	n. 化学	chemistry - He studied chemistry at university and now works as a researcher.
cheque	n.支票	cheque - In some countries, people still use a cheque to make large payments.
cherish	vt. 爱护,抱有(希望);怀有(情感)	cherish - We should cherish the time we spend with our family and friends.
cherry	n. 樱桃(树)	cherry - The cherry trees in the park are in full bloom in spring.
chess	n. 棋，国际象棋	chess - He likes to play chess with his grandfather every weekend.
chest	n. 胸腔，胸膛；箱，柜	chest - He has a large chest tattoo of a dragon.
chestnut	n.栗子；栗树；栗色	chestnut - Roasted chestnuts are a popular snack in winter.
chew	v./n. 嚼,咀嚼	chew - You should chew your food slowly to aid digestion.
chick	n.小鸡	chick - The little chick followed its mother hen around the farmyard.
chicken	n. 鸡肉；鸡，小鸡，小鸟	chicken - We had roast chicken and vegetables for dinner last night.
chief	n. 领袖;部门主任;a. 主要的,首席的	chief - The chief engineer is responsible for the design of the new bridge.
chiefly	adv.多半，首要地	chiefly - The success of the project is chiefly due to the hard work of the team.
child	n. 小孩，儿童，儿女	child - Every child has the right to receive a good education.
childhood	n. 幼年，童年	childhood - She has many happy memories of her childhood in the countryside.
childish	a.孩子的；幼稚的	childish - His childish behavior annoyed his classmates during the meeting.
childlike	adj.孩子似的，天真的	childlike - She has a childlike curiosity about the world around her.
chill	n./a./v. 寒冷,扫兴的,(使)感冒	chill - There is a chill in the air this morning, so you should wear a jacket.
chilly	adj.凉的，冷淡的	chilly - It was a chilly autumn evening, so we lit a fire in the fireplace.
chimney	n. 烟囱	chimney - Smoke is coming out of the chimney of the old cottage.
chin	n. 颏,下巴	chin - He rested his chin on his hand and thought about the problem.
China	n. 瓷器	China - China is a large country with a long history and rich culture.
Chinese	a.中国的 n.中国人	Chinese - She is learning Chinese because she wants to work in Beijing.
chip	n. 片屑,薄片,集成电路 v. 削,铲,形成缺口	chip - The computer chip is the core component of a smartphone.
chocolate	n. 巧克力(糖)，赭色	chocolate - She gave me a box of chocolate as a birthday gift.
choice	n. 选择(机会)，抉择，选择项；入选者a. 精选的	choice - You have the choice to either stay here or go with us.
choke	v. 闷塞,压抑,闷死	choke - He almost choked on a piece of bread while eating too quickly.
choose	v. 选择，挑选；甘愿	choose - You should choose a career that you are truly interested in.
chop	n./v. 砍,劈,剁	chop - He used a knife to chop the vegetables into small pieces.
chorus	n./vt. 合唱;齐声说	chorus - The audience joined the chorus to sing the popular song.
Christ	n. 基督，救世主，耶稣	Christ - Christians believe that Christ is the son of God.
Christian	a./n. 基督教的,基督教徒	Christian - She is a devout Christian who goes to church every Sunday.
Christianity	n.基督教(精神)	Christianity - Christianity is one of the major religions in the world.
Christmas	n．圣诞节	Christmas - People exchange gifts and decorate Christmas trees during Christmas.
church	n. 教堂；教会，教派；(宗教的)礼拜仪式	church - The old church in the village was built in the 17th century.
cif	n.(缩)到岸价（=Cost, Insurance & Freight） 	cif - The goods will be shipped CIF (Cost, Insurance and Freight) to the port of destination.
cigar	n. 雪茄烟	cigar - He smoked a cigar while sitting in the armchair and reading a book.
cigarette	n. 香烟，纸烟，卷烟	cigarette - Smoking cigarettes is harmful to your health and the health of others.
cinema	n. 电影院；电影，影片	cinema - We are going to the cinema to watch the new movie this evening.
circle	n. 圆，圆周；集团；周期，循环v. 环绕，旋转	circle - The children sat in a circle to listen to the teacher’s story.
circular	a. 圆(形)的，环形的；循环的n. 传单，通报	circular - The company sent a circular to all employees about the new work schedule.
circuit	n. 周游,电路,协会	circuit - The electrician repaired the broken circuit in the house.
circulate	v. (使)循环,(使)流通;(使)流传,散布,传播	circulate - The news of his promotion quickly circulated around the office.
circulation	n.循环；(货币等)流通	circulation - The circulation of this newspaper has increased by 20% this year.
circumference	n. 圆周,圆周长度	circumference - The circumference of a circle can be calculated using the formula C=2πr.
circumstance	n. 情况,形势;环境;事件	circumstance - Under no circumstances should you give up your dreams.
circus	n. 马戏表演,广场	circus - The circus performance includes acrobatics, clowns, and animal shows.
cite	vt. 引用,举例,传讯	cite - The author cited several research papers in his academic article.
citizen	n. 公民；市民，居民	citizen - Every citizen has the duty to obey the laws of the country.
citizenship	n.公民权	citizenship - He applied for citizenship after living in the country for five years.
city	n．城市；都市；市	city - Shanghai is a modern and bustling city in eastern China.
civil	a. 公民的，市民的；民间的；民用的；有礼貌的	civil - The two parties reached a civil agreement to resolve the dispute.
civilization	n. 文明，文化	civilization - Ancient Egyptian civilization is famous for its pyramids and pharaohs.
civilize	v. 使文明，开化	civilize - Education helps to civilize people and promote social progress.
claim	n. 要求;有所根据而索取的款项;要求权;要求之物; v. 要求承认;宣称;值得	claim - The company claims that its new product can help people lose weight quickly.
clamp	n./v. 螺丝钳;用钳夹;取缔	clamp - The worker used a clamp to hold the pieces of wood together.
clap	v. 拍手，拍，轻拍n. 拍(手)，掌声，霹雳声	clap - The audience began to clap loudly after the wonderful performance.
clarify	v. 澄清,使液体清洁	clarify - Could you please clarify your point? I didn’t quite understand it.
clarification	n.澄清	clarification - The manager issued a clarification about the new company policy.
clash	v./n. 金属碰撞声;互碰;时间冲突;意见抵触	clash - The two teams clashed in the final match of the tournament.
clasp	n./v. 扣子;紧握;拥抱	clasp - She wore a silver clasp on her necklace.
class	n. 班级，年级；种类，等级，阶级；(一节)课	class - Our class has 35 students, including 18 boys and 17 girls.
classic	a. 第一流的,最优秀的;传统的; n. 文豪;古罗马、希腊作家;古典作品	classic - “Pride and Prejudice” is a classic novel written by Jane Austen.
classical	a. 经典的，古典(文学)的	classical - He enjoys listening to classical music composed by Mozart and Beethoven.
classification	n. 分类，分级	classification - The classification of animals into different groups helps biologists study them better.
classify	vt. 把…分类,分等级	classify - We need to classify these documents according to their importance.
classmate	n. 同班同学	classmate - My old classmate from high school visited me last weekend.
classroom	n. 教室，课堂	classroom - The students are having a math class in the classroom on the second floor.
clatter	n.得得声，卡嗒声	clatter - The clatter of dishes and plates came from the kitchen.
clause	n. 条款;从句	clause - This sentence has a main clause and a subordinate clause.
claw	n. 爪，脚爪	claw - The cat used its sharp claws to climb up the tree.
clay	n. 粘土，泥土	clay - The potter used clay to make a beautiful vase.
clean	a. 清洁的，干净的v. 除去…污垢，把…弄干净	clean - Please keep your room clean and tidy at all times.
clear	a./ad. 清晰的(地)vt. 清除；使清楚vi. 变清澈	clear - The sky is clear and blue today, perfect for a picnic.
clearance	n. 清除,清理,净空;许可	clearance - The store is having a clearance sale with discounts of up to 70%.
clearly	ad.明白地，清晰地	clearly - He spoke clearly so that everyone in the room could hear him.
clench	v.咬紧，握紧，决定	clench - He clenched his fists in anger when he heard the bad news.
clerk	n. 职员，办事员；店员	clerk - The bank clerk helped me open a new savings account.
clever	a. 聪明的，伶俐的，机敏的，精巧的	clever - She is a clever girl who can learn new things quickly.
cleverness	n.聪明，机灵	cleverness - His cleverness helped him solve the difficult puzzle in minutes.
client	n. 顾客,客户委托人	client - The company provides high-quality services to its clients around the world.
clientele	n.顾客(总称)	clientele - The restaurant’s clientele mainly consists of business people and tourists.
cliff	n. 悬崖；峭壁	cliff - The brave hiker stood at the edge of the cliff and looked down at the valley.
climate	n. 气候；风气，社会思潮	climate - The climate in this region is warm and humid all year round.
climax	n. 顶点,小说等的高潮 v. 达到高潮	climax - The climax of the movie is when the hero saves the heroine from danger.
climb	v./n. 攀登，爬	climb - It took us three hours to climb to the top of the mountain.
cling	vi. 抱紧;坚守	cling - The child clung to his mother’s hand when he saw the big dog.
clinic	n. 诊所,门诊所	clinic - I went to the dental clinic to have my teeth checked.
clip	n. 回形针;夹子;剪;修剪;猛打;vt. 剪短;猛击,痛打	clip - She used a hair clip to keep her hair out of her face.
cloak	n. 斗蓬，披风；掩饰，幌子vt. 掩盖，掩饰	cloak - The spy wore a black cloak to hide his identity.
clock	n. 钟vt. 记录(时间、速度等)，为…计时	clock - The old clock on the wall strikes every hour.
clockwise	ad. 顺时针方向地	clockwise - Please turn the knob clockwise to open the door.
close	v./n. 关；结束a./ad. 近的(地)；紧密的(地)	close - Please close the window before you leave the room.
closed	adj.关闭的，停业的	closed - The store is closed on Sundays and public holidays.
closedown	n.倒闭	closedown - The factory had to closedown due to financial difficulties.
closely	ad.紧密地，接近地	closely - The police are closely monitoring the activities of the suspect.
closet	n. 小储藏室	closet - She hung her coat in the closet by the front door.
cloth	n. (一块)布，织物，衣料	cloth - She used a clean cloth to wipe the dust off the table.
clothe	v. (给…)穿衣，供给…衣服	clothe - The charity organization aims to clothe the homeless people in winter.
clothes	n. 衣服(虽为复数，亦不可数)	clothes - She bought some new clothes for the coming summer vacation.
clothing	n. 服装，被褥	clothing - The store sells a variety of clothing for men, women, and children.
cloud	n. 云(状物)；遮暗物，阴影；一大群	cloud - A dark cloud appeared in the sky, and it soon began to rain.
cloudy	a. 多云的，阴(天)的；混浊的，模糊的	cloudy - It will be cloudy tomorrow with a chance of rain in the afternoon.
clown	n.(马戏的)小丑，丑角	clown - The clown made the children laugh with his funny tricks.
club	n. 俱乐部，夜总会；社团；棍棒，球棒	club - He is a member of the local golf club.
clue	n. 线索	clue - The detective found an important clue that helped solve the case.
clumsy	a. 笨拙的,愚笨的	clumsy - The clumsy waiter dropped a tray of glasses on the floor.
cluster	n. 一串,一簇;vi. 群集;丛生	cluster - A cluster of stars shone brightly in the night sky.
clutch	v. 抓住,攫住;n. 抓,攫,控制;离合器	clutch - She clutched her purse tightly when she walked through the crowded street.
c/o	v.(缩)请转交	c/o - The letter was addressed to John Smith c/o ABC Company.
coach	n. 长途公共汽车,铁路客车,教师,教练 v. 辅导,训练	coach - The football coach trained the team hard for the upcoming match.
coal	n. 煤，煤块	coal - The power plant uses coal to generate electricity.
coarse	a. 粗的,粗糙的;粗俗的	coarse - The coarse sandpaper is used to smooth rough surfaces of wood.
coast	n. 海岸，海滨	coast - The ship sailed along the coast, passing several small fishing villages.
coastal	adj.沿海的	coastal - Many coastal cities are facing the problem of rising sea levels.
coat	n. 上衣，外套；表皮；层，覆盖物v. 涂(盖)上	coat - She put on a warm coat before going out into the cold weather.
cock	n. 公鸡，雄鸡；龙头，开关	cock - The rooster (cock) crows every morning to wake up the villagers.
cocktail	n.鸡尾酒	cocktail - They enjoyed drinking cocktails at the bar during the party.
code	n. 规则,代号,密码 vt. 把…译成密码	code - You need to enter the correct code to unlock the safe.
codify	v.编码	codify - The government plans to codify the new laws to make them clearer.
coefficient	n.协同因素；系数，率	coefficient - The coefficient of friction affects the movement of objects on a surface.
coffee	n. 咖啡(色)	coffee - I usually drink a cup of coffee in the morning to stay awake.
coffin	n.棺材，柩	coffin - The coffin was carried by six pallbearers to the cemetery.
coherence	n.凝聚性	coherence - The coherence of his speech made it easy for the audience to understand.
coherent	a. 一致的，协调的；(话语等)条理清楚的	coherent - You should write a coherent essay with a clear structure.
cohesion	n.凝聚力，团结	cohesion - The cohesion of the team is essential for the success of the project.
cohesive	a. 粘合性的，有结合力的	cohesive - A cohesive team can overcome any difficulties together.
coil	v. 盘绕,缠绕;n. 一卷,一圈	coil - The electric wire is wrapped in a coil to save space.
coin	n. 铸币,硬币 vt. 铸造,创造	coin - He flipped a coin to decide whether to go left or right.
coinage	n.造币; 创造; 货币制度;创造新词	coinage - The word “selfie” is a modern coinage that has become popular worldwide.
coincide	vi. 恰好相合,同时发生;意见一致;位置重合,重叠	coincide - Our birthdays coincide on the same day of the year.
coincidence	n. 巧合；同时发生，共同存在；符合，一致	coincidence - It was a coincidence that we met each other in the same restaurant.
coincident	adj. 一致的, 暗合的, 符合的	coincident - The arrival of the guests was coincident with the start of the party.
coldness	n.寒冷，冷淡	coldness - The coldness of his attitude made her feel unwelcome.
collaborate	vi. 协作，合作；(与敌人)勾结	collaborate - The two companies decided to collaborate on a new research project.
collaboration	n. 协作,合作;勾结	collaboration - The success of the movie is the result of the collaboration of many people.
collapse	v./n. 倒坍;(精神)垮下来	collapse - The old building collapsed after the strong earthquake.
collar	n. 衣领；环状物	collar - He wore a shirt with a white collar to the formal meeting.
colleague	n. 同事，同僚	colleague - My colleague helped me finish the report on time.
collect	v. 收集，搜集；领取，接走；收(税等)；聚集，堆积	collect - She likes to collect stamps from different countries around the world.
collection	n. 收藏(品)，收集(物)	collection - His collection of antique watches is worth a lot of money.
collective	n. 集体a. 集体的，共同的	collective - The collective effort of the team led to their victory in the competition.
college	n. 学院，高等专科学校，大学	college - He studied computer science at a local college.
collide	vi. 碰撞,互撞;冲突,抵触	collide - The two cars collided at the intersection because of the red light violation.
collision	n. 碰撞；(利益，意见等的)冲突，抵触	collision - The collision between the two ships caused a lot of damage.
colonel	n. (陆军)上校	colonel - The colonel commanded his soldiers to attack the enemy’s position.
colonial	a. 殖民地的,关于殖民的;n. 殖民地居民	colonial - The country used to be a colonial territory of a European power.
colonist	n.移民；殖民地居民	colonist - The colonists settled in the new land and built their own villages.
colony	n. 殖民地；侨民；聚居区；(动植物的)群体	colony - The bees built a large colony in the tree in our backyard.
color	n. 颜色；颜料；肤色v. 给…着色	color - The color of the sky changes from blue to orange at sunset.
color-blind	adj.色盲的	color-blind - He is color-blind and cannot distinguish between red and green.
colorful	adj.色彩丰富的	colorful - The market is full of colorful fruits and vegetables.
colorless	adj.无色的	colorless - Water is a colorless and tasteless liquid.
column	n. 柱,柱状物;书报上的栏;纵列	column - The building is supported by several large stone columns.
columnist	n.专栏作家	columnist - She works as a columnist for a famous newspaper, writing about fashion.
comb	n. 梳子v. 梳(理)	comb - She used a comb to style her long hair before going out.
combat	n./v. 战斗,搏斗	combat - The army was sent to combat the enemy forces in the border area.
combination	n. 结合，联合；化合；团体；组合数码	combination - The combination of red and blue makes the color purple.
combine	v. 联合;连结;n. 集团,联合企业	combine - We can combine work and play to make our life more enjoyable.
come	v. 来；出现于，产生；是，成为；开始，终于	come - Please come to my office as soon as you finish your work.
comedian	n.喜剧演员	comedian - The comedian told many funny jokes that made the audience laugh.
comedy	n. 喜剧；喜剧性事件	comedy - We watched a comedy movie last night and had a great time.
comfort	n. 舒适，安逸；安慰，慰问v. 安慰，使舒适	The soft armchair provided great comfort after a long day of hiking.
comfortable	a. 舒适的，舒服的；感到舒适的，安逸的	She felt comfortable enough in her new surroundings to start making friends.
comic	a. 滑稽的,喜剧的;n. 连环漫画杂志;喜剧演员	The comic actor had the audience roaring with laughter throughout the entire performance.
command	n./v. 命令，指挥，控制n. 掌握，运用能力	The general issued a command to the troops to advance immediately.
commander	n.司令官，指挥员	The commander was respected for his strategic brilliance and fairness.
commemorate	vt. 纪念	A statue was erected to commemorate the soldiers who fought in the war.
commemoration	v.纪念	The annual commemoration of the event draws visitors from all over the country.
commence	v. 开始	The ceremony will commence as soon as the guests of honor arrive.
commend	vt. 称赞;推荐;委托保管	I must commend you on your diligent work and attention to detail.
commandment	n.称赞	The ancient tablet was inscribed with a commandment that all citizens were expected to obey.
comment	n./vi. 评论;批评;注释	He declined to comment on the ongoing investigation until all facts were clear.
commerce	n. 商业，贸易；交际，交往	International commerce has been greatly facilitated by the internet.
commercial	a. 贸易的,商业的 n. 电视电台广告	The movie was a huge commercial success, breaking box office records.
commission	n. 委员会;佣金;军事任职;考察团; vt. 委任,任命,委托	The artist received a commission to paint a portrait of the mayor.
commit	vt. 犯(罪),干(坏事);使(自己)承担义务,作出保证,承诺;把…交托给	He decided to commit himself fully to the project, working late every night.
commitment	n.责任	Marriage is a lifelong commitment that requires patience and understanding.
committee	n. 委员会	The planning committee meets every Tuesday to discuss the upcoming festival.
commodity	n. 日用品,商品	Coffee is a valuable commodity traded on markets around the world.
common	a. 普通的；共同的；一般的n. 公有地	It is common knowledge that exercise is good for your health.
commonly	ad.普通地，一般地	This species of bird is commonly found in tropical rainforests.
commonplace	a. 普通的,平凡的	Electric cars are becoming commonplace on city streets.
commonsense	a.有常识的	It is just a matter of commonsense to lock your door when you leave.
commonwealth	n. 全体国民,联邦	The Commonwealth of Nations promotes democracy and human rights.
commune	n.公社	They lived in a commune where they shared all property and responsibilities.
communicate	v. 传达，传送；交流；通讯，通话	Dolphins use a complex system of sounds to communicate with each other.
communication	n. 通讯,交往,交流,传达的消息,交通	Good communication is the key to a successful relationship.
communicative	adj.毫无隐讳交谈的, 畅谈的, 爱说话的	She was in a communicative mood and told us all about her trip.
communism	n. 共产主义	The theory of communism advocates for a classless society.
communist	n.共产党员	He was a card-carrying communist for many years.
community	n. 同一地区的全体居民，社会，社区；共同体	The local community rallied together to help the flood victims.
compact	a./n. 紧密的,紧凑的;合同	The compact car is easy to park in tight spaces.
companion	n. 同伴，共事者；伴侣	His dog was his constant companion during his lonely years.
company	n. 公司；陪伴；宾客；连(队)，(一)群，队，伙	She enjoys the company of her friends on the weekends.
comparable	a. (with，to)可比较的，比得上的	The two fabrics are comparable in quality but different in texture.
comparative	a. 比较的，相当的	The comparative study of religions reveals many common themes.
comparatively	adv.比较地	The test was comparatively easy given how much we had studied.
compare	v. 比较,对照;喻为	You cannot compare apples and oranges.
comparison	n. 比较，对比，比喻，比拟	In comparison to last year, profits have doubled.
compass	n. 指南针,圆规,界限	We used a compass and map to navigate through the dense forest.
compatible	a. 可和谐共存的;兼容的	This software is not compatible with older operating systems.
compel	vt. 强迫,迫使	The law can compel witnesses to testify in court.
compensate	v. 赔偿,补偿	The company will compensate you for your travel expenses.
compensation	n. 补偿(或赔偿)的款物；补偿，赔偿	He received workers' compensation for the injury he sustained on the job.
compete	vi. 比赛；竞争；对抗	Thousands of athletes compete in the Olympic Games.
competent	a. 有能力的，能胜任的；足够的	We need a competent mechanic to fix this engine problem.
competition	n. 比赛,比赛会;竞争	There is fierce competition between the two leading brands.
competitive	a. 竞争的；好竞争的；(价格等的)有竞争力的	The job market is highly competitive right now.
competitiveness	n.竞争能力	The country needs to improve its economic competitiveness.
competitor	n.竞争者，敌手	Our main competitor has just launched a new product.
compile	vt. 编辑,编写	The editor will compile a collection of the best essays.
complain	v. (about，of)抱怨；申诉	Neighbors began to complain about the noise from the construction site.
complaint	n. 抱怨，诉苦，怨言，控告；疾病	The customer filed a formal complaint about the poor service.
complement	n. 补足物,(船上的)定员;补语;vt. 补足,补充	The red wine was a perfect complement to the steak dinner.
complete	a. 完全的，圆满的v. 完成，结束，使完满	Once you complete the form, please hand it to the receptionist.
completely	ad.十分，完全地	I completely forgot about our meeting this morning.
completion	n.完成，结束，完满	The project is nearing completion and should be finished by Friday.
complex	a. 复杂的;n. 复合体;变态心理	The human brain is a complex organ that is still not fully understood.
complexity	n.复杂(性)	The complexity of the problem required a team of experts to solve.
compliance	n. 遵守,依从	The company was in full compliance with safety regulations.
complicate	v. 使…复杂；使…难懂；使(疾病等)恶化；	Don't complicate the issue by bringing up irrelevant details.
complicated	a. 结构复杂的;困难的	The instructions were so complicated that I couldn't assemble the table.
compliment	n. 敬意,赞扬;问候;vt. 恭维;称赞	He paid her a nice compliment on her new dress.
complimentary	adj.称赞的	The hotel offers complimentary breakfast to all guests.
comply	v. (with)遵照，照做，应允；顺从，服从	Failure to comply with the rules will result in a fine.
component	n. 组成部分,零件	Exercise is a key component of a healthy lifestyle.
componential	adj.成分的	The componential analysis broke the sound down into its frequencies.
compose	v. 组成,构成,创作,排字,使安静	Mozart began to compose music at the age of five.
composed	adj.镇静的	She remained composed despite the chaos around her.
composer	n.作曲家；调停人	Beethoven is considered one of the greatest composers of all time.
composite	a. 合成的,复合的	The police artist drew a composite sketch of the suspect.
composition	n. 作品，作文，乐曲；作曲；结构，组成，成分	The chemical composition of the soil was analyzed in the lab.
compound	n./a. 混合物(的),复合词(的) v. 使混合,使复杂	Salt is a compound of sodium and chlorine.
comprehend	vt. 理解，领会；包含，包括	It is difficult to comprehend the vastness of the universe.
comprehension	n. 理解(力)，领悟；包含，包含力	The listening comprehension test was harder than I expected.
comprehensive	a. 内容广泛的，总括性的，综合的	The school offers a comprehensive curriculum including arts and sciences.
compress	vt. 压缩;使语言精炼;n. (止血用)敷布	The software can compress large files to save storage space.
compression	n.压缩，压紧，浓缩	The engine works by using compression to ignite the fuel.
comprise	vt. 包含,包括	The team comprises five members from different departments.
compromise	n. 妥协,折衷;v. 妥协;使遭受危害	They reached a compromise after hours of negotiation.
compels	v.强迫	His conscience compels him to tell the truth.
compulsory	a. 义务的;强制的	Education is compulsory for children up to the age of 16.
computation	n.计算	The complex computation took the computer several hours to finish.
compute	v. 计算,估计	We need to compute the total cost of the project.
computer	n. 计算机，电脑；计算者	My computer crashed and I lost all my unsaved work.
computerization	n.计算机化	The computerization of the library records made searching much faster.
computerize	v.使计算机化	The bank decided to computerize all its customer records.
comrade	n. 同志，同事，同伴，朋友	He remembered his fallen comrades from the war.
conceal	vt. 隐藏,隐蔽	She tried to conceal her surprise when she heard the news.
concede	vt. (不情愿地)承认,承认…为真(或正确); 承认失败;让于;vi. 让步,认输	The candidate refused to concede defeat until all votes were counted.
conceit	n.自负，自高自大	His conceit made him unpopular with his colleagues.
conceited	adj.自负的	She is so conceited that she thinks she is better than everyone else.
conceive	v. 想出(主意);怀孕	I cannot conceive of a world without music.
concentrate	v. 集中,全神贯注于,浓缩 n. 浓缩物	I need to concentrate on my studies if I want to pass the exam.
concentrated	adj.全神贯注的	She made a concentrated effort to improve her piano playing.
concentration	n.集中；专注；浓缩	The loud noise broke my concentration.
concept	n.概念，观念，设想	The concept of time travel has fascinated people for centuries.
conception	n. 概念，观念	He has no conception of how hard life can be for the poor.
conceptive	adj.有想像力的; 构想的	The artist's conceptive skills allowed him to create unique sculptures.
concern	vt. 影响;涉及;忙于;关心;n. 所关切的事;企业;关心	The new regulations concern all employees in the company.
concerned	adj.有关的	I am concerned about his health.
concerning	prep. 关于，论及	I have some questions concerning your recent report.
concert	n. 音乐会，演奏会；一齐，一致	We bought tickets to the rock concert next month.
concerted	a. 商定的,一致的	The government is making a concerted effort to reduce pollution.
concession	n. 让步，妥协；特许(权)	Both sides had to make concessions to reach an agreement.
concise	a. 简明的,简要的	Please write a concise summary of the book.
conclude	v. 结束，终止；断定，下结论；缔结，议定	The meeting will conclude with a speech from the chairman.
conclusion	n. 结论，推论；结尾；缔结，议定	The conclusion of the story was very surprising.
conclusive	adj.结束的，结论性的	The DNA evidence was conclusive proof of his guilt.
concrete	a. 有形的;具体的;n. 混凝土;vt. 浇混凝土于	We need concrete evidence before we can make an arrest.
concur	v.同地发生	I concur with your assessment of the situation.
concurrence	n.合作，并发	The concurrence of the two events was purely coincidental.
concurrent	adj.同时发生的	The two prison sentences will run concurrent to each other.
condemn	vt. 谴责;判刑;迫使;宣告(建筑)不宜使用	The politician was quick to condemn the violence.
condemnation	n.谴责，判决	His actions drew widespread condemnation from the public.
condensation	n.凝聚	Condensation formed on the cold windowpane.
condense	v. 冷凝,凝结;精简,浓缩	Please condense your report into a single page.
condenser	n.冷凝器，聚光器	The condenser in the air conditioner needs to be replaced.
condition	n. 条件，状况，环境vt. 决定；支配；训练	The car is in excellent condition despite its age.
conditional	adj.有条件的	The job offer is conditional on passing a background check.
conduce	v.导致，有益于	A quiet environment conduces to study.
conducive	a. 有益于…的,有助于…的	Soft music is conducive to relaxation.
conduct	n. 行为，品行v. 引导；管理；指挥(乐队)；传导	Copper is used to conduct electricity.
conduction	n.传导，传热	Heat conduction occurs when you touch a hot stove.
conductor	n. 管理者；(汽车)售票员；领队，指挥；导体	The conductor raised his baton and the orchestra began to play.
cone	n.锥体，锥形	We ate ice cream from a waffle cone.
confer	v. 协商;授予	I need to confer with my lawyer before answering that question.
conference	n. (正式)会议；讨论，商谈	He is attending a medical conference in London.
confess	v. 供认，承认，坦白，忏悔	He decided to confess his love to her.
confession	n.供认，自由	The priest heard his confession in the church.
confide	v.委托，吐露秘密	She felt she could confide in her best friend.
confidence	n. (in)信任；信心，自信；秘密，机密	He lacks the confidence to speak in public.
confident	a. 确信的,有把握的	I am confident that we will win the game.
confidential	a. 秘(机)密的；表示信任的；担任机密工作的	These documents are strictly confidential.
confine	vt. 限制;禁闭	Please confine your remarks to the topic at hand.
confinement	n.限制	The prisoner was placed in solitary confinement.
confirm	vt. 证实;确认;批准	Please confirm your reservation by tomorrow.
confirmation	n.证实，确定；确认	We are waiting for confirmation of the flight details.
conflict	n. 战斗,斗争;(意见)分歧;vi. 抵触,冲突	There is a conflict between his personal interests and his professional duties.
conform	v. 符合,遵从	All students must conform to the school's dress code.
conformity	n.遵照，一致	He acted in conformity with his principles.
confront	vt. 使面对,面临	She decided to confront him about his behavior.
confrontation	n.面对，对峙	The confrontation between the two groups turned violent.
confuse	vt. 使困惑;混淆	The complex instructions only served to confuse me.
confusion	n. 困惑，糊涂；混淆；混乱，骚乱	There was a lot of confusion after the accident.
congestion	n. 拥挤,混杂	Traffic congestion is a major problem in big cities.
congratulate	v. (on)祝贺，向…致贺词	I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
congratulation	n. (on)祝贺，(pl.)祝贺词	Congratulations on your new job!
congress	n. 代表会议,(C-)(美国等)议会	Congress will vote on the new bill next week.
congressman	n.国会议员	The congressman met with his constituents to discuss local issues.
conjunction	n. 连词;联合;连接	The police are working in conjunction with the FBI on this case.
connect	vt. 连接；与…联系，接通(电话)vi. 连接	Can you connect my laptop to the printer?
connection	n. 联系，连接；亲戚，社会关系	There is a loose connection in the wiring.
conquer	vt. 征服,攻克	He managed to conquer his fear of heights.
conqueror	n.征服者，胜利者	William the Conqueror invaded England in 1066.
conquest	n. 征服，征服地，掠取物	The Spanish conquest of the Americas changed history.
conscience	n. 良心;犯罪感	My conscience would not let me lie to him.
conscientious	a. 审慎正直的，认真的，本着良心的	She is a conscientious worker who always does her best.
conscientiously	adv.认真地	He conscientiously checked every detail of the report.
conscious	a. 清醒的;察觉到;故意的	She became conscious of someone watching her.
consciousness	n.意识，觉悟；知觉	He lost consciousness after being hit on the head.
consecutive	a. 连续的,连贯的	It has rained for five consecutive days.
consent	vi./n. 同意,允许	Her parents would not consent to the marriage.
consequence	n. 结果，后果，影响；重要性	He had to face the consequences of his actions.
consequently	ad. 结果，因此，所以	The shop was closed, and consequently we couldn't buy any milk.
conservation	n. 保存，保护，保守；守恒，不灭	Wildlife conservation is essential for maintaining biodiversity.
conservative	a. 守旧的,保守的 n. 保守主义,保守党人	He has very conservative views on politics.
consider	v. 考虑，细想；体谅，顾及；认为，把…看作	We need to consider all the options before making a decision.
considerable	a. 相当大的;重要的	A considerable amount of money was spent on the project.
considerably	adv.相当	The temperature has dropped considerably since last night.
considerate	a. 考虑周到的，体谅的	It was very considerate of you to bring me flowers.
consideration	n. 需要考虑的事，理由；考虑，思考；体谅，照顾	We will take your proposal into consideration during the meeting.
consign	vt. 运送,交付	He decided to consign his old clothes to charity.
consignment	n.委托，货物	A large consignment of goods arrived at the warehouse this morning.
consist	vi. 组成,存在	A soccer team consists of eleven players.
consistency	n.一致(性)	Consistency is key when learning a new language.
consistent	a. (in)前后一致的；(with)一致，符合	Her grades have been consistent throughout the year.
console	vt. 安慰,慰问;n. 控制台,仪表板;落地柜	I tried to console her after she lost her dog.
consolidate	v. 巩固,加强;把…合为一体	The company plans to consolidate its branches into one central office.
consolidated	adj.加固的，统一的	The consolidated report summarizes data from all departments.
consolidation	n.团结	The consolidation of power was achieved through strategic alliances.
consonant	n.辅音,辅音字母,子音;adj. 一致的,调和的,辅音的	The letter 'b' is a consonant.
conspicuous	a. 明显的,引人注目的	She felt very conspicuous in her bright red coat.
conspiracy	n. 阴谋,同谋	They were accused of being involved in a conspiracy to overthrow the government.
constable	adv.警官	The village constable was known by everyone in the small town.
constant	a. 经常的;不变的;坚定的	The constant noise from the construction site is driving me crazy.
constantly	adv.经常地	He is constantly checking his phone for messages.
constituent	a. 有选举权的;组成的;n. 选民;成分	Sugar is a major constituent of candy.
constitute	vt. 组成，构成，形成；设立，建立，任命	Twelve months constitute a year.
constitution	n. 构成，构造，组成(方式)，成分；体格；宪法	The country adopted a new constitution after the revolution.
constitutive	adj.宪法的，章程的	The constitutive rules of the game must be followed by all players.
constraint	n.强迫，结束；强制力	Budget constraints forced us to cancel the project.
construct	v. 建设，建造，构造；创立	They plan to construct a new bridge across the river.
construction	n. 建造，构造；建筑物，结构；释义，解释	The construction of the skyscraper took three years.
construe	v.翻译，解释	His silence was construed as agreement.
consul	n.领事	We visited the American consul to get help with our visas.
consulate	n.领事馆	The protest took place outside the French consulate.
consult	v. 请教,咨询;查阅;商量	You should consult a doctor if the pain persists.
consultant	n. 会诊医师，顾问医生；顾问	The company hired a financial consultant to help with their investments.
consultation	n.咨询	The doctor is available for consultation between 9 and 11 am.
consume	vt. 消耗；吃完，喝光；(with)使着迷；烧毁	This car consumes a lot of fuel.
consumer	n.消费者，用户	Consumer confidence is at an all-time high.
consumption	n. 消费(量);消耗,挥霍	Excessive alcohol consumption can damage your liver.
contact	n. 接触;联络;会晤的人;(电)接点;vt. 接触	Please contact me if you have any further questions.
contain	v. 包含，容纳；容忍，抑制；可被…除尽	This bottle contains one liter of water.
container	n. 容器；集装箱	Food should be stored in an airtight container.
contemplate	vt. 仔细考虑;注视;打算;预计	He sat by the lake to contemplate his future.
contemplation	n.苦思冥想	She was lost in contemplation of the beautiful scenery.
contemporary	a. 同时代的,当代的 n. 同龄人,同时代的人	Contemporary art can be difficult to understand.
contempt	n. 轻蔑,不尊敬,轻视	He showed utter contempt for the rules.
contemptuous	adj.轻视的	She gave a contemptuous laugh at his suggestion.
content	n./a./vt. 满意(的),使满意(足) n. 内容,目录	I am content with what I have.
contest	n. 争夺,竞争;比赛;v. 争论,争议;斗争	She plans to enter the singing contest.
contestant	n.参赛人	The contestants were nervous before the show started.
context	n. 背景,环境;上下文	You need to look at the sentence in context to understand its meaning.
contextual	adj.上下文的，环境的	Contextual clues can help you guess the meaning of unknown words.
continent	n. 大陆，洲;adj. 有节制的；节制欲望的	Asia is the largest continent in the world.
continental	a.大陆的，大陆性的	We enjoyed a continental breakfast at the hotel.
contingency	n.事故，意外	We need to have a contingency plan in case things go wrong.
continual	a. 不断的，连续的，频繁的	The continual interruptions made it impossible to work.
continuance	n.连续	We hope for the continuance of peace in the region.
continue	v. 继续，连续，延伸	Please continue with your story.
continuous	a. 连续的，持续的	The brain needs a continuous supply of oxygen.
continuously	adv.连续不断地	The machine has been running continuously for three days.
contract	n. 合同,契约;v. 缔结;负(债); 感染(疾病);使皱缩	He signed a three-year contract with the team.
contracted	adj.合同所规定的	She contracted a rare disease while traveling abroad.
contractual	adj.合同的，契约的	They have a contractual obligation to finish the work on time.
contradict	vt. 反驳,否认;同…矛盾	Don't contradict your mother!
contradiction	n. 反驳，否认；矛盾，不一致	There is a contradiction between what he says and what he does.
contrary	a.相反的，矛盾的n. 反对，矛盾；相反	Contrary to popular belief, cats can be very affectionate.
contrast	v. 使对比,形成对照;n. 明显的差别	The contrast between the rich and the poor is striking.
contribute	v. 贡献,捐献;促成;投稿	Everyone should contribute to the discussion.
contribution	n. 贡献；捐款，捐献物；投稿	His contribution to science was immense.
control	n.控制，支配v. 控制，支配	She lost control of the car on the icy road.
controversy	n. 争论，辩论，争吵	The new law has caused a lot of controversy.
controversial	a. 引起争论的	Abortion is a highly controversial topic.
convenience	n. 便利;便利的设施	Please call me at your earliest convenience.
convenient	a. (to)便利的，方便的	Is 3 PM a convenient time for you?
convention	n. 会议,协定;惯例;习俗	He defies convention by wearing mismatched socks.
conventional	a. 惯例的，常规的	Conventional medicine failed to cure his illness.
conversant	adj.精通的，有交情的	He is conversant in several languages.
conversation	n. 会话，谈话	We had a long conversation about politics.
converse	v.谈话，对话，交往	They sat in the corner and conversed in low voices.
conversely	ad. 相反地,逆地	Poor health is accepted as an attribute of old age. Conversely, youth is associated with health.
conversion	n. 转变，转换；信仰的改变；	The conversion of the old factory into apartments took two years.
convert	vt. 转变;兑换;使改变信仰	They plan to convert the garage into a guest room.
convey	vt. 运送;转达,传达	Please convey my best wishes to your family.
conveyance	n.运送，传达	The conveyance of goods by sea is cheaper than by air.
convict	n.罪犯	The convict escaped from prison last night.
conviction	n. 深信，确信；定罪，判罪；	He has a criminal record with several convictions.
convince	vt. 使信服	I tried to convince him to stay, but he wouldn't listen.
convinced	adj.信服的	I am convinced that he is innocent.
cook	n. 厨师v. 烹调，烧煮；纂改(账目)，捏造	My father is a very good cook.
cooker	n.厨具，厨灶	Put the rice in the slow cooker and let it simmer.
cool	a. 凉的；冷静的n. 凉快ad. 冷静地v. 使变凉	Keep your cool and don't panic.
coolness	n.凉爽，冷淡	The coolness of the breeze was refreshing.
cooperate	vt. 协作,合作	We need to cooperate with each other to finish the project.
cooperation	n.合作，协作	Thank you for your cooperation.
cooperative	a. 合作的，协作的n. 合作社	He was very cooperative during the investigation.
coordinate	vt. 使协调;调整	We need to coordinate our schedules.
coordination	n.协调，配合	Good hand-eye coordination is essential for tennis players.
cope	v. (with)竞争，对抗；(with)对付，妥善处理	She struggled to cope with the loss of her husband.
copper	n. 铜；铜币，铜制器	Copper pipes are commonly used in plumbing.
copy	n. 抄本，摹本；(一)本vt. 抄写；考试中抄袭	Please make a copy of this document for me.
cord	n. 绳，索	He tied the bundle with a piece of cord.
cordial	a. 热诚的,衷心的	We received a cordial welcome from our hosts.
cordially	adv.亲切地	You are cordially invited to our wedding.
core	n. 果核；中心，核心	The core of the problem is a lack of funding.
cork	n. 软木 a. 软木制的 vt. 塞住,抑制	He pulled the cork out of the wine bottle.
corn	n. 谷物，庄稼，玉米	The farmer grows corn and wheat.
corner	n.角落，拐角	There is a small shop on the corner of the street.
corporate	a. 社团的;公司的;共同的	The company's corporate headquarters are located in New York.
corporation	n. 市镇自治机关；法人；公司，企业	The corporation announced its quarterly earnings yesterday.
correct	a. 正确的，恰当的，端正的v. 改正，纠正，矫正	Please ensure that all the information on the form is correct.
correction	n.改正，纠正，修改	I made a few corrections to the first draft of my essay.
correctly	ad.正确地，恰当地	He answered almost all the questions correctly.
correlate	v. (使)相关联	Scientists are trying to correlate the increase in temperature with rising sea levels.
correlation	n.相互关系；对射	There is a strong correlation between poverty and crime.
correspond	vi. 符合;通信;相当于	The two maps do not correspond; there are many differences.
correspondence	n. 通信，信件；(with)符合；(to)相当于，对应	The library holds a large collection of personal correspondence from the 19th century.
correspondent	n. 记者，通讯员；通信者	He worked as a foreign correspondent in Paris for several years.
corresponding	a. 符合的，相应的，对应的	The prices are listed with their corresponding item numbers.
corridor	n. 走廊，通路	He walked down the long corridor to the principal's office.
corrode	v. 腐蚀,侵蚀	Acid can corrode metal surfaces over time.
corrosion	n.腐蚀，侵蚀；锈	The bridge was closed due to severe corrosion of its steel supports.
corrupt	a. 腐败的,贪污的;v. (使)腐败,贿赂	The corrupt politician was eventually caught and sent to prison.
corruption	n.腐败，腐化	The government is launching a campaign to fight corruption in the police force.
cosmetics	n.化妆品	She spent a lot of money on expensive cosmetics.
cosmic	a. 宇宙的	The cosmic rays from space are filtered by the Earth's atmosphere.
cosmos	n.宇宙；秩序，和谐	Philosophers have long pondered the mysteries of the cosmos.
cosmopolitan	a. 全世界的,世界主义的	London is a very cosmopolitan city with people from all over the world.
cost	n.成本，费用v.花费	The cost of living in the city is much higher than in the country.
costly	a. 昂贵的，价值高的，豪华的	The repair work turned out to be more costly than we had anticipated.
cottage	n. 村舍，小屋，别墅	They spent their summer vacation in a small cottage by the sea.
cotton	n. 棉花；棉线，棉纱；棉制品	This shirt is made of 100% organic cotton.
couch	n. 长沙发 vt. 表达	She sat on the couch and watched television for hours.
cough	v./n. 咳嗽	He has a persistent cough that won't go away.
council	n. 政务会,理事会,委员会	The city council voted to build a new park.
counsel	n. 忠告,劝告;评议;律师;vt. 忠告,劝告	The lawyer provided excellent legal counsel to his client.
counsellor	n.顾问	She works as a guidance counsellor at the local high school.
count	v. 数，计算；算入；看作，认为n. 计数，总数	The children are learning how to count to one hundred.
countable	adj.可计算的	In grammar, 'apple' is a countable noun, while 'water' is uncountable.
countenance	n.容貌，支持	He maintained a calm countenance even in the face of danger.
counter	n. 柜台;v. 反对,反击	I left my keys on the kitchen counter.
countermand	v.撤回，取消	The general decided to countermand the order to attack.
countermeasure	n.对策	The company implemented new security countermeasures to prevent cyber attacks.
counter-offer	n.还价，还盘	We made a counter-offer that was slightly higher than their initial bid.
counterpart	n. 对应的物或人	The prime minister met with his German counterpart in Berlin.
countersign	v.副署，会签	The manager needs to countersign the check before it can be cashed.
countersignature	n.副署，会签	The document requires a countersignature from a witness.
countless	adj.无数的	There are countless stars in the galaxy.
country	n. 国家；农村，乡下	France is a beautiful country with a rich history.
countryside	n. 乡下，农村	They love hiking in the English countryside.
county	n. (英国)郡，(美国)县	The county fair is the biggest event of the year in this area.
couple	n. (一)对，双；夫妇v. 连接，结合	A young couple was sitting on the bench holding hands.
courage	n. 勇气，胆量	It takes a lot of courage to stand up for what you believe in.
courageous	a.勇敢的，无畏的	The courageous firefighters rescued the family from the burning building.
course	n.过程，路线，课程	I am taking an intensive English course this summer.
court	n. 法院，法庭；宫廷，朝廷；院子；球场	The case will be heard in court next month.
courteous	adj.有礼貌的	The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful.
courtesy	n. 礼貌,谦恭	It is common courtesy to say 'please' and 'thank you'.
courtyard	n. 院子，庭院，天井	The rooms overlook a beautiful inner courtyard with a fountain.
cousin	n.堂(或表)兄弟姐妹	My cousin is coming to stay with us for the holidays.
cover	v. 覆盖，包括，涉及n. 盖子，套子；(书的)封面	Snow began to cover the ground as the temperature dropped.
coverage	n. 承保险别;新闻报道(范围);保证金	The live TV coverage of the Olympics reached millions of viewers.
covering	adj.包括的	The report provided a comprehensive covering of the economic situation.
cow	n. 母牛，奶牛	The farmer milked the cows early in the morning.
coward	n. 胆小者,懦夫	He was called a coward because he refused to fight.
cowardly	adv.胆小地	The cowardly attack on innocent civilians was condemned by the world.
crab	n. 螃蟹，蟹肉	We went to the beach to catch crabs.
crack	n. 裂缝;破裂声;(砰的)一击;v. 使破裂;噼啪作响; 声音变哑;解开(难题、密码)	A small crack appeared in the window after the ball hit it.
cracker	n.苏打饼干，克力架	Cheese and crackers make a great snack.
cradle	n. 摇篮;策源地;支船架;vt. 把…放在摇篮里	The mother gently rocked the cradle to put the baby to sleep.
craft	n. 工艺,手工业;船;技巧;诡计	She is learning the craft of traditional pottery.
craftsman	n.手艺人	The jewelry was handmade by a skilled craftsman.
craftsmanship	n.手艺	The quality of the craftsmanship in this furniture is outstanding.
crane	n. 起重机，鹤	A huge crane was used to lift the heavy steel beams.
crash	n. 突然坠落;事故;倒闭;ad. 砰地一声; v. 坠毁,碰撞,冲过;(公司)倒闭	The computer system crashed due to a sudden power failure.
crate	n.一箱，篓，筐	We packed the oranges into wooden crates for shipping.
crave	v.渴望，恳求	Pregnant women often crave strange combinations of food.
crawl	vi,爬行,缓慢地行进,爬满;起鸡皮疙瘩;n. 爬行;自由泳	The baby is just starting to crawl.
craziness	n.疯狂	The craziness of the holiday shopping season is almost over.
crazy	a. 疯狂的，古怪的，蠢的；(about)狂热的	She is crazy about classical music.
cream	n. 乳脂，(鲜)奶油；奶油色	Do you want cream and sugar in your coffee?
creamy	adj.奶油的，奶黄色的	The soup has a delicious creamy texture.
create	v. 创造，创作；引起，造成，建立	Our goal is to create more jobs for young people.
creation	n. 创造,创作,创造物	The fashion designer's latest creation was a stunning evening gown.
creative	a. 有创造力的，创造性的	Children need a creative environment where they can express themselves.
creature	n. 人，动物；生物	The deep ocean is home to many strange and wonderful creatures.
credit	n.信誉，信用v.相信	The bank will only give you a loan if you have a good credit rating.
creditworthy	adj.有信誉的	The bank considers the company to be highly creditworthy.
creditworthiness	n.商誉	An assessment of your creditworthiness is necessary before the mortgage is approved.
creek	n.小川，小湾	The kids spent the afternoon playing in the creek.
creep	vi. 慢慢地、悄悄地移动;(时间、年纪)悄悄过去;蔓延	I saw a spider creep across the floor.
crew	n. 全体船员，全体乘务员	The flight crew prepared the cabin for takeoff.
cricket	n. 板球,蟋蟀	We spent the whole afternoon playing cricket in the park.
crime	n. 罪行，犯罪	The police are determined to solve the crime.
criminal	a. 犯罪的,刑事上的 n. 罪犯	The criminal was sentenced to ten years in prison.
crimson	adj. &n.深红色(的)	The sunset painted the sky in shades of crimson and gold.
cripple	n. 残疾人,跛子 vt. 使跛,使残疾	The war crippled the country's economy for decades.
crisis	n. 转折点	The world is facing a major economic crisis.
crisp	a. 脆的,易碎的;霜冻的;干脆的;n. 油炸马铃薯片;v. (使)发脆	The autumn air was crisp and cold.
critic	n. 批评家，评论家	He is a well-known film critic for a national newspaper.
critical	a. 危急的,批评的,苛求的,关键的	The patient is in critical condition following the surgery.
criticism	n. 评论性的文章，评论；批评，指责，非难	The new policy has met with a lot of criticism from the public.
criticize	v. 批评，评论	It's easy to criticize others, but much harder to do it better.
crook	n.钩子	He used a shepherd's crook to pull the sheep back.
crooked	a. 弯曲的;欺诈的	The picture on the wall is slightly crooked.
crop	n. 作物，庄稼；(谷类等的)一熟收成；一批，大量	The main crop grown in this region is wheat.
cross	n. 十字(架)；苦难a. 交叉的；发怒的v. 穿过	We used a bridge to cross the river.
crossing	n.交叉，十字路口	There is a pedestrian crossing in front of the school.
crossroads	n.交叉路口，十字路	We reached a crossroads and didn't know which way to turn.
crouch	vi./n. 蹲伏	The cat began to crouch low in the grass, ready to pounce.
crow	n. 乌鸦v./n. 鸡啼，鸣叫	A large black crow sat on the fence.
crowd	n. 人群；一群，一伙v. 聚集，群集；挤满，拥挤	A large crowd gathered in the square to hear the speech.
crown	n. 王冠,王权,顶部 vt. 为…加冕,褒奖,顶上有,圆满完成	The king wore a heavy gold crown set with jewels.
crude	a. 天然的;粗鲁的;粗制的	The crude oil is transported to the refinery by pipeline.
cruel	a. 残忍的，残酷的	It is cruel to keep animals in such small cages.
cruelty	n.残酷；残酷行为	The animal rights group is fighting against animal cruelty.
cruise	v. 巡航;以节省燃料的速度前进;n. 乘船巡游	They went on a luxury cruise around the Mediterranean.
crumb	n.面包屑	The birds were picking up crumbs from the floor.
crumble	v. 弄碎,灭亡,消失	The old walls are starting to crumble.
crush	v. 压碎,压坏,弄皱,压垮;挤入	Be careful not to crush the boxes when you stack them.
crust	n. 面包,饼皮,硬外皮,外壳	The Earth's crust is made up of several large plates.
crutch	n.拐杖	After breaking his leg, he had to walk on crutches for weeks.
cry	vi. 哭,流泪v. 叫,喊n. 哭泣,哭声,叫喊,喊声	The baby started to cry as soon as his mother left the room.
crystal	n. 水晶,水晶饰品,质量最好的玻璃器皿,结晶体	The chandelier was made of hundreds of tiny crystals.
cube	n. 立方体,立方	Ice cubes are used to cool down drinks.
cubic	a.立方形的；立方的	The container has a capacity of ten cubic meters.
cubism	n.立体主义	Picasso was one of the pioneers of cubism.
cuckoo	n.杜鹃，布谷鸟	The cuckoo lays its eggs in the nests of other birds.
cucumber	n. 黄瓜	I like to put cucumber slices in my salad.
cultivate	vt. 耕作,养植,栽培;培养,陶冶,发展	Farmers cultivate the land to grow crops.
cultivation	n.耕作，培养	The cultivation of rice requires a lot of water.
cultural	adj.文化的	The city has a wide variety of cultural attractions.
culture	n.文化，养殖	Each country has its own unique culture and traditions.
cunning	n./a. 狡猾(的);精巧(的)	The fox is known for its cunning and cleverness.
cup	n. 杯子；奖杯，优胜杯；(一)杯，一杯的容量	Would you like a cup of tea?
cupboard	n. 碗橱	The dishes are kept in the kitchen cupboard.
curb	n./vt. 勒马的皮带;控制,约束	The government is trying to curb inflation.
cure	v. 治愈;加工处理;n. 治愈,疗法;对策	There is currently no known cure for the common cold.
curiosity	n. 好奇心；古董，古玩	Children are full of curiosity about the world around them.
curious	adj.好奇的，爱打听的	I'm curious to know what happens at the end of the movie.
curl	n. 卷毛,卷发;v. 使卷曲	She has beautiful natural curls.
curly	a.卷曲的；有卷毛的	He has short, curly hair.
currency	n.通货，货币	The euro is the common currency for many European countries.
current	n. 电流，水流；潮流，趋势a. 当前的；流通的	The current situation in the country is very unstable.
currently	ad.普遍地；当前	She is currently working on a new book.
curse	n. 咒骂,祸因,骂人话;v. 咒骂	In the story, the witch put a curse on the prince.
curtail	vt. 截短,削减	Due to budget cuts, the school had to curtail several programs.
curtain	n. 窗帘，门帘；幕(布)；结束vt遮掩	She pulled the curtains shut to block out the sunlight.
curve	n. 曲线;v. 弄弯,成曲线	The road curves sharply to the left.
cushion	n. 垫子,坐垫,垫状物 vt. 装垫子,使减少震动,缓冲	The soft cushions on the sofa were very comfortable.
custody	n.保管，监护	The suspect was taken into police custody.
custom	n. 习俗,惯例;光顾	It is the custom in this country to take off your shoes before entering a house.
customary	a. 习惯的，惯例的	It is customary to exchange gifts during the holiday season.
customer	n. 顾客，主顾	The customer complained about the poor service in the restaurant.
customs	n.海关	We had to go through customs when we arrived at the airport.
cut	n./v. 切，割，削；削减，删节n. 切口，伤口	I cut my finger while I was chopping vegetables.
cutlery	n.刀具，餐刀	The silver cutlery was polished for the dinner party.
cutter	n.用于切割的器械	He used a wire cutter to snip the cable.
cutting	a. 锋利的,尖刻的n. 开凿出来的公路,铁路;剪报	The cutting wind blew straight through my thin jacket.
cycle	n. 自行车；周期，循环v. 骑自行车；循环	The life cycle of a butterfly is fascinating to study.
cyclist	n.自行车运动员	The race attracted professional cyclists from all over the world.
dad	n.爸爸	My dad taught me how to ride a bike.
dagger	n.匕首	The assassin used a small dagger to complete the task.
daily	a. 每日的ad. 每日，天天n. 日报	I read the daily newspaper every morning.
dainty	adj.优雅，考究	The cake was decorated with dainty sugar flowers.
dairy	n.奶牛场，乳品商店	Dairy products like milk and cheese are rich in calcium.
dam	n./vt. 水坝,筑坝,抑制,阻拦	A large dam was built to generate hydroelectric power.
damage	v./n. 损害，毁坏n. (pl.)损害赔偿费	The storm caused extensive damage to the roof of the house.
damn	int. 该死vt. 遣责；使失败a. 十足的ad. 极	The politician was quick to damn the new proposals.
damp	a./n./v. 潮湿(的),湿气,使潮湿	The clothes are still a bit damp from the rain.
dance	n. 舞(蹈)；舞曲，舞会v. 跳舞；跳动	We went to a dance club on Saturday night.
dancer	n.舞蹈者，舞蹈演员	She has been a professional dancer since she was eighteen.
danger	n. 危险；威胁；危险事物	The sign warned of the danger of falling rocks.
dangerous	a. 危险的，不安全的	It is dangerous to drive in heavy fog.
Danish	adj. &n.丹麦人(的)	He loves Danish pastries for breakfast.
Denmark	n.丹麦	Denmark is known for its high quality of life.
dare	v.敢，挑战，竟敢	I dare you to jump into the cold water.
daring	adj.大胆的，勇敢的	It was a daring escape from the high-security prison.
dark	a. 黑暗的，深(色)的；隐秘的n. 无光，黑暗	It was getting dark, so we decided to head home.
darken	v.变黑，转暗	The sky began to darken as the storm approached.
darkness	n.黑暗	The cat disappeared into the darkness of the night.
darling	n. 心爱的人，亲爱的	Goodnight, darling, sleep well.
dart	n. 标,镖;vt. 投掷;vi. 急冲	The lizard darted under a rock when it saw us.
dash	n./v. 撞击,冲,短跑;破折号;闯劲	He made a dash for the bus but missed it.
data	n. 资料，数据	We need more data before we can draw a conclusion.
date	n. 日期，年代v. 注明…的日期n./v. 约会	What is today's date?
dating	n.约会	They have been dating for six months now.
daughter	n. 女儿	They have two sons and one daughter.
daughter-in-law	n.儿媳	Her daughter-in-law is a talented doctor.
dawn	n.黎明，开端	The birds started singing at the break of dawn.
day	n. 天，一昼夜；白昼，白天；时期，时代	I had a very busy day at the office.
daybreak	n.破晓	The soldiers moved out at daybreak.
daylight	n. 日光，白昼，黎明	The burglars were caught in broad daylight.
daytime	n. 白天，日间	The city is much busier during the daytime.
daze	v.耀眼，使迷乱	He was in a daze after the car accident.
dazzle	vt. 眩目,耀眼;使迷惑	The bright lights of the city dazzled her.
dazzling	adj.令人目眩的	The diamond necklace was truly dazzling.
dead	a. 死的；无生命的；死气沉沉的ad. 完全地	The battery in my phone is dead.
deadline	n. 最后期限	We are working hard to meet the deadline for the project.
deadly	a. 致命的,殊死的;ad. 死一般地;非常	The cobra is one of the world's most deadly snakes.
deaf	a. 聋的,不愿听的	He has been deaf since birth and uses sign language.
deafen	vt.使聋；使隔音	The sound of the explosion was loud enough to deafen anyone nearby.
deal	v. 处理；做买卖，经营；分配；对待n. 交易	I don't know how to deal with this problem.
dealer	n. 商人	He is a car dealer who specializes in luxury vehicles.
dealing	n.交往，生意	He is known for his fair dealing in business.
dean	n. (大学)院长,系主任,教务长	The dean of the faculty welcomed the new students.
dear	a. 昂贵的；亲爱的；珍贵的int. 呵！哎呀！	She is a very dear friend of mine.
death	n. 死，死亡；灭亡，毁灭，死因	The news of his sudden death shocked everyone.
deathly	adj.致死的	He turned a deathly shade of pale when he saw the ghost.
debate	v./n. 争论，辩论	The candidates had a lively debate on television.
debit	n.借方	The bank made a debit to my account for the monthly fee.
debt	n. 债，债务	He is struggling to pay off his mounting debts.
decade	n. 十年	The company has grown significantly over the past decade.
decay	vi./n. 腐烂;衰微	The old wooden fence is starting to decay.
deceased	adj.已死的	The estate of the deceased was divided among his children.
deceit	n.欺骗，欺诈行为	He was accused of deceit and dishonesty.
deceive	vt. 欺骗,诓骗	He tried to deceive the police with a fake ID.
deception	n.欺诈	She was a master of deception and could easily lie to anyone.
deceitful	adj.欺骗性的	The company was fined for its deceitful advertising practices.
December	n. 十二月	Christmas is celebrated in December.
decency	n.体面	Common decency suggests that you should apologize for your behavior.
decent	a. 正当的,合适的;得体的;尚可的	I need to find a decent job with a good salary.
decide	v. 决定，下决心；解决，裁决	I can't decide which dress to wear to the party.
decided	adj.明确的，果断的	He has a decided advantage over the other candidates.
decidedly	ad.明确地，坚决地	The weather has turned decidedly colder since yesterday.
decimal	a. 十进法的,小数的	The metric system is a decimal system of measurement.
decision	n. 决定，决心；决议；决策	The committee will make a final decision tomorrow.
decisive	a. 决定性的	The general's decisive actions led to a quick victory.
deck	n. 甲板,公共汽车一层的车厢,纸牌 vt. 装饰,打扮	We sat on the deck of the boat and watched the sunset.
declaration	n. 宣言，宣布，声明	The Declaration of Independence is a famous historical document.
declare	v. 宣告,声明;断言;申报应纳税物品	He had to declare the items he bought abroad at customs.
decline	n./v. 下降;衰退,减弱;谢绝	The price of oil has begun to decline.
declining	adj.下降的，衰落的	The company is struggling in a declining market.
decompose	v. 分解;腐败,腐烂	Leaves and twigs decompose over time to form rich soil.
decorate	vt. 装饰;油漆;授勋	They spent the weekend decorating their new apartment.
decoration	n.装饰物	She bought some new decorations for the Christmas tree.
decorative	adj.装饰的，装璜的	The mirror has a beautiful decorative frame.
decrease	v./n. 减小,减少,减少量	The population of the village has decreased over the years.
decree	n./v. 法令,判决	The king issued a decree banning all public gatherings.
dedicate	vt. 奉献,供奉;题献(著作)	He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
deduce	vt. 演绎,推论	From the evidence, the detective was able to deduce who the killer was.
deduct	vt. 扣除,减去	The company will deduct the taxes directly from your paycheck.
deduction	n.推断，减少	The detective used his powers of deduction to solve the case.
deed	n. 行为，行动；功绩，事迹；证书；契据	He was rewarded for his brave deeds during the war.
deem	vt. 认为,视为	The bridge was deemed unsafe and closed to traffic.
deep	a. 深的，深长的；深奥的；强烈的ad. 深入的，迟	The water is very deep here, so be careful.
deepen	vt.加深 vi.深化	The crisis only served to deepen the divide between the two parties.
deeply	adv.深深的，深切地	I was deeply moved by his kind words.
deer	n. 鹿	We saw a family of deer in the forest.
default	vi./n. 拖欠,违约;不出庭	The company is in default on its loan payments.
defeat	v.击败n.失败	The army suffered a crushing defeat in the battle.
defect	n. 欠缺,缺点;vi. 背叛,逃跑,开小差	The toy was recalled due to a serious manufacturing defect.
defective	adj.有缺点的	The product was returned because it was defective.
defence	n. 防卫,防护,防御物;辩护;被告律师	The city's defences were strengthened in preparation for the attack.
defend	v. 防守，保卫；为…辩护，为…答辩	The soldiers fought bravely to defend their country.
defer	vt. 推迟,延期;听从	They decided to defer the meeting until next week.
defiance	n. 挑战,挑衅;违抗;蔑视	His actions were a clear act of defiance against the government.
defiant	adj.无礼的，挑战的	The boy gave his teacher a defiant look.
deficiency	n. 缺乏,不足;缺陷	A Vitamin C deficiency can lead to several health problems.
deficient	a.缺乏的；欠缺的	His diet is deficient in essential vitamins and minerals.
deficit	n. 空额,赤字	The government is struggling to reduce the budget deficit.
define	v. 给…下定义；阐述；阐释；限定，规定	It is difficult to define the exact meaning of the word.
definite	a. 明确的；一定的；意志坚强的，立场坚定的	We need a definite answer by tomorrow.
definitely	ad.一定地，明确地	I will definitely be there on time.
definition	n. 定义，解释；(轮廓影像等的)清晰度；阐明；	The dictionary provides several definitions for the word.
definitive	a. 可靠的,权威的;决定性的	This is the definitive biography of the famous artist.
deflate	v.收缩，紧缩	The news of the loss deflated his confidence.
deflect	v. 偏斜	The shield was designed to deflect incoming bullets.
deflection	n.偏斜，歪斜；偏差	The deflection of the compass needle was caused by the nearby metal.
deform	vt.损坏…的形状	High temperatures can deform the plastic parts.
deformation	n.损坏；变形；畸形	The structural deformation was caused by the earthquake.
defray	v.支付	The company will defray the cost of your travel expenses.
defy	v. (公然)违抗，反抗；蔑视	She decided to defy her parents and go to the party anyway.
degradation	n.降级；退化；衰变	Environmental degradation is a major global issue.
degrade	vt. 贬低;恶化;分解,降解	The plastic will eventually degrade in the sun.
degree	n. 程度；度数；学位；等级	She has a bachelor's degree in engineering.
delay	v./n. 耽搁，延迟	The flight was delayed due to bad weather.
delcredere	n.保付	He acted as a delcredere agent for the foreign company.
delegate	vt. 委派…为代表,授权;n. 代表	The manager needs to learn how to delegate tasks to his staff.
delegation	n.代表团	The delegation from China arrived at the airport this morning.
delete	vt. 删除(文字),擦去(字迹)	Please delete any unnecessary files from your computer.
deletion	n.删除	The deletion of the scene from the movie caused some controversy.
deliberate	a. 故意的;从容的;仔细考虑的;v. 仔细考虑	It was a deliberate attempt to mislead the public.
deliberately	ad.审慎地，故意地	He deliberately ignored my phone calls.
deliberation	n.慎重，故意	After much deliberation, the jury reached a verdict.
delicacy	n.精致	The local delicacy is a type of smoked fish.
delicate	a. 易碎的;易生病的,娇弱的;精巧的;微妙的;美味的	The antique vase is very delicate, so handle it with care.
delicious	a. 美味的,可口的	This chocolate cake is absolutely delicious.
delight	n. 快乐，高兴v. (使)高兴，(使)欣喜	The children squealed with delight when they saw the presents.
delightful	adj.令人高兴的	We had a delightful evening with our friends.
delinquency	n. 过失,为非作歹,失职	Juvenile delinquency is a serious social problem in some areas.
delinquent	adj.拖欠的	The company is being sued for its delinquent payments.
deliver	vt. 投递,解救,发表,接生	The mailman delivers the mail every morning at 10 AM.
deliverance	n.救助	They prayed for deliverance from their enemies.
delivery	n. 递送；交付；分娩；交货；引渡	The pizza delivery arrived in less than thirty minutes.
delusion	n.错觉	He suffers from the delusion that he is a famous movie star.
delusive	adj.令人产生错觉的	The promise of quick wealth turned out to be delusive.
demand	n./v. 要求，请求，需要(量)v. 查问	There is a high demand for skilled engineers in the industry.
demanding	adj.对人要求严格的	She has a very demanding boss who expects her to work late every night.
democracy	n. 民主政体,民主,民主社会	The country is making a slow transition to democracy.
democrat	n.民主党人	He has been a staunch Democrat all his life.
democratic	a. 民主的	The democratic process allows every citizen to have a voice.
demolish	vt. 拆毁;废除;驳倒	The old building was demolished to make way for a new shopping mall.
demolition	n.拆除	The demolition of the stadium will begin next month.
demonstrate	v. 论证,证明;示威	The experiments demonstrate that the theory is correct.
demonstration	n.示范，表演，示威	The chef gave a demonstration of how to make traditional pasta.
demurrage	n.滞期费	The company had to pay demurrage fees because the cargo was delayed.
den	n.窝	The bear spent the winter hibernating in its den.
denial	n. 拒绝,否认;拒绝给予	The government's denial of the report was met with skepticism.
denominate	v.为命名	The company decided to denominate its new product 'Aura'.
denomination	n. 命名,取名,(度量衡、货币等的)单位	The machine only accepts coins of certain denominations.
denote	vt. 是…的符号,指示,表示	The red circle on the map denotes a danger zone.
denounce	vt. 谴责,斥责	The group held a protest to denounce the new law.
dense	a. 浓密的,密集的,愚笨的	The forest was so dense that sunlight could barely reach the ground.
density	n. 密集，密度，浓度	The population density of the city has increased significantly.
dent	n.牙，槽，凹陷	There was a small dent in the car door after the accident.
dentist	n. 牙医	I have an appointment with the dentist tomorrow morning.
deny	v. 否认，否定；拒绝	He tried to deny the allegations, but the evidence was against him.
depart	vi. 离开,启程	The train is scheduled to depart at 10:30 AM.
department	n. 部，局，处，科，部门；系，学部	She works in the marketing department of a large company.
departure	n. 离开，起程	Passengers are advised to check in two hours before departure.
depend	v. (on)取决于，依靠，信赖，相信	The success of the project will depend on everyone's hard work.
dependability	n.可依赖性	Dependability is a key quality that employers look for in workers.
dependable	adj.可依赖的	He is a very dependable person who always keeps his promises.
dependant	n.受赡养者；侍从	He has three dependants, including his young son and elderly parents.
dependence	n.依靠，依赖	Many countries are trying to reduce their dependence on foreign oil.
dependent	a. 依靠的，依赖的，从属的；随…而定的	The cost of the trip is dependent on the number of people who go.
depict	vt. 描绘,描写	The painting depicts a beautiful landscape at sunset.
depiction	n.描述	The movie's depiction of the historical event was very accurate.
deplete	vt. 耗尽,用尽	Overfishing has begun to deplete the ocean's fish stocks.
deposit	n./vt. 存款;定金;沉淀,沉积	You need to pay a deposit of $200 when you rent the apartment.
deposition	n.免职，罢免；口供	The witness gave a sworn deposition before the trial.
depreciate	v.降价，贬值，折旧	New cars depreciate in value as soon as they are driven off the lot.
depreciation	n.折旧，贬值	The company's profits were affected by the depreciation of the local currency.
depress	vt. 使沮丧;使萧条;压下;降低	The high interest rates are starting to depress the housing market.
depressed	adj.情绪低落的	He felt depressed after losing his job.
depression	n.消沉；不景气萧条期	The Great Depression was a time of severe economic hardship.
deprive	vt. 剥夺,使丧失	Sleep deprivation can lead to serious health problems.
depth	n. 深，深度，深奥，深刻	The divers went down to a depth of fifty meters.
deputy	n. 代表,代理人	The deputy manager will be in charge while the boss is away.
derivation	n.引出；起源；衍生	The word has a Latin derivation.
derive	vt. 取得,得到;追溯…的起源(或来由); vi. (from) 起源,衍生	Many English words are derived from Latin and Greek.
derrick	n.钻塔，井架	The oil derrick was visible from several miles away.
descend	v. 下降,下来;遗传;袭击	The airplane began to descend as it approached the airport.
descendant	n. 子孙，后代	He is a direct descendant of the famous explorer.
descent	n. 下降，降下；斜坡；血统，家世	The mountain climbers began their descent as the sun went down.
describe	v. 描述，形容	Can you describe the person you saw running away?
description	n. 描写,描绘,叙述	The police gave a description of the suspect to the media.
desert	v. 丢弃,离开,背弃,开小差;n./a. 沙漠,无人居住的	The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
deserve	v. 应得,应受	You worked very hard and deserve this promotion.
design	v. 设计；构思；绘制；图案；企图n. 设计，图样	The architect is working on a new design for the building.
designate	vt. 把…定名为,指派,标出	The area has been designated as a national park.
designation	n.指定，委派	The official designation of the position is 'Chief Executive Officer'.
designer	n.设计者	She is a famous fashion designer who lives in Milan.
desirable	a. 值得弄到手的,吸引人的	It is desirable to have some work experience before applying for the job.
desire	v./n. 愿望，欲望，要求	His greatest desire is to travel around the world.
desk	n. 书桌，办公桌，服务台	Please leave your report on my desk before you leave.
desolate	a. 荒芜的,无人居住的,孤寂的; vt. 使荒芜,使荒凉	The island was desolate and uninhabited.
desolation	n.荒凉，凄凉	The scene was one of utter desolation after the earthquake.
despair	n./vi. 绝望,丧失信心	She was in the depths of despair after her business failed.
desperate	a. 绝望的;不顾一切的;危急的	The rescue workers made a desperate attempt to reach the trapped miners.
desperation	n.绝望	In desperation, he decided to sell his car to pay the rent.
despise	v. 轻视，蔑视	I despise people who are cruel to animals.
despite	prep. 不管，不顾	Despite the rain, we decided to go for a walk.
dessert	n. 正餐后的水果或甜食	We had apple pie with vanilla ice cream for dessert.
destination	n. 目的地	The ship's final destination is Singapore.
destine	vt.命定，注定；预定	He was destined to become a great leader.
destiny	n. 命运；天数，天命	She felt that it was her destiny to help others.
destroy	v. 破坏，摧毁，消灭	The fire destroyed several houses in the neighborhood.
destruction	n. 毁坏，毁灭(的原因)	The destruction caused by the hurricane was widespread.
destructive	a. 破坏的,破坏性的	The storm was very destructive and caused a lot of damage.
detach	vt. 使分开,拆卸;派遣	You can detach the keyboard from the tablet.
detail	n. 细节，详情v. 详述	The report provides a lot of detail about the project.
detailed	adj.详细的，详尽的	She gave a detailed account of her trip to Japan.
detain	vt. 耽搁,延迟;拘留,扣押	The police detained the suspect for questioning.
detect	vt. 发现,发觉;侦察	The smoke detector will sound an alarm if it detects fire.
detection	n.察觉，发觉；侦察	Early detection of the disease is vital for successful treatment.
detective	n. 侦探	The detective spent months investigating the mysterious disappearance.
deteriorate	v. 恶化,败坏	The patient's condition began to deteriorate rapidly.
deterioration	n.退化	The deterioration of the building was due to years of neglect.
determination	n. 决定,确定,决心	Her determination to succeed led her to study hard every night.
determine	v. 决心，决定；确定，限定	The results of the test will determine your final grade.
detour	v.绕道，绕开	We had to take a detour because the main road was closed.
detract	v.降低	The small scratches on the car don't detract from its overall appearance.
detriment	n.损害	He worked late every night to the detriment of his health.
detrimental	a. 有害的,不利的	Smoking is detrimental to your health.
devaluation	n.贬值	The devaluation of the currency made imports more expensive.
devalue	v.贬值	The government decided to devalue the currency to boost exports.
develop	v. 发展，开发，研制；显现，显影；发育，生长	The company is trying to develop new products for the international market.
developing	adj.发展中的	China is a major developing country with a rapidly growing economy.
development	n.发展；开发；生长	The development of the new software took several months.
deviate	vi. 偏离,背离	The airplane had to deviate from its planned route due to a storm.
deviation	n.背离，偏离；偏差数	Any deviation from the safety rules will be punished.
device	n. 装置，设备，仪表；方法，设计	The smartphone is a multi-functional device that can do many things.
devil	n. 魔鬼	In some stories, the devil is a character who tries to lead people astray.
devise	vt. 设计,想出	The scientists devised a new way to measure the temperature of the ocean.
devote	vt. 把…奉献给	She decided to devote her life to helping the poor.
devoted	adj.献身于的	He is a devoted father who spends all his free time with his children.
devotion	n.献身，热诚，专心	The nurse's devotion to her patients was truly inspiring.
devour	vt. 狼吞虎咽地吃;挥霍,耗尽	The hungry lions quickly devoured the carcass.
dew	n. 露水	The grass was wet with morning dew.
diagnose	vt. 诊断	The doctor was able to diagnose the illness after several tests.
diagnosis	n.诊断	The diagnosis of the disease was confirmed by a blood test.
diagram	n. 图解	The manual includes a diagram showing how to assemble the furniture.
dial	n. 表面,钟面,拨号盘 vt. 打电话	You need to dial '0' to get an outside line.
dialect	n. 方言,俚语	The people in the village speak a local dialect that is hard to understand.
dialog	n.对话，对白	The play is full of witty and engaging dialog.
diameter	n. 直径	The diameter of the circle is ten centimeters.
diamond	n. 金钢石，钻石；菱形	She wore a beautiful diamond ring on her finger.
diary	n. 日记，日记簿	I keep a diary of all my travels.
dictate	v. 听写;口授;命令,支配	The boss dictated a letter to his secretary.
dictation	n. 听写，口述；命令	The students had a dictation test in their English class.
dictator	n.独裁者，专政者	The country was ruled by a ruthless dictator for many years.
dictatorship	n.独裁，专政	The people fought for years to overthrow the dictatorship.
diction	n.措辞	The actor's diction was clear and easy to understand.
dictionary	n. 词典，字典	If you don't know the meaning of a word, you can look it up in the dictionary.
die	vi. 死，死亡；(草木)枯萎，凋谢；渴望	Plants will die if they don't get enough water.
diesel	n.柴油发动机，内燃机	Many heavy trucks are powered by diesel engines.
diet	n./vi. 饮食,规定的饮食,忌食	A balanced diet is essential for good health.
differ	v. (from)与…不同；(with)与…意见不同	The two opinions differ significantly on this issue.
difference	n. 差别，差异，分歧	There is a big difference between winning and losing.
different	a. 差异的，差异的，不同的	The two sisters are very different in personality.
differential	adj.有差别的	The company offers a differential pay rate for night shifts.
differently	adv.不同地	People from different cultures often see the world differently.
difficult	a. 困难的，艰难的	The exam was much more difficult than I expected.
difficulty	n. 困难，困境，难题	He had great difficulty finding a job after graduation.
dig	v. 挖，掘	The dog began to dig a hole in the backyard.
digest	n. 摘要,文摘 v. 消化,领会,融会贯通	It takes several hours for the body to digest a heavy meal.
digestion	n.消化	Fiber is important for healthy digestion.
digit	n.数字	The number '100' consists of three digits.
digital	a. 数字的,计数的	Most modern watches are digital.
dignity	n. 高贵,尊贵,高位	He maintained his dignity even in the face of failure.
dike	n.堤	The dikes were built to protect the land from flooding.
dilute	vt. 使变淡,稀释;a. 稀释的	You can dilute the juice with some water if it's too sweet.
diligent	a. 勤奋的	He is a diligent student who always finishes his homework on time.
dim	a. 暗的,看不清楚的,迟钝的;v. 变模糊,变暗淡	The lights in the room were dim, making it hard to read.
dime	n.(美元)一角	He didn't even have a dime in his pocket.
dimension	n. 尺寸,尺度,大小	The dimensions of the box are 10 by 10 by 10 centimeters.
dimensional	adj.尺寸的	3D movies are three-dimensional.
diminish	v. 减小,减少,缩小	The pain began to diminish after he took the medicine.
dine	v. 吃饭,进餐	They decided to dine out at a fancy restaurant.
dining-room	n.餐厅	The family gathered in the dining-room for dinner.
dingy	a. 脏的,邋遢的	The hotel room was small and dingy.
dinner	n. 正餐，宴会	What are we having for dinner tonight?
dip	n./v. 蘸湿;斜坡;短时间游泳	I like to dip my bread into the soup.
diploma	n. 毕业证书,文凭	He received his diploma after graduating from university.
diplomacy	n.外交	The crisis was resolved through quiet diplomacy.
diplomat	n.外交人员	He worked as a diplomat in several different countries.
diplomatic	a. 外交的,外交手腕的	The two countries are trying to restore diplomatic relations.
direct	a./ad. 径直的(地)v. 管理，指导；(at，to)指向	Is there a direct flight from New York to London?
direction	n. 方向，方位；指令，说明	I have no idea which direction we should be going in.
directive	n.命令，指令	The manager issued a directive to all staff regarding safety procedures.
directly	ad. 直接地，径直地；马上，立即	The new law will directly affect millions of people.
director	n. 指导者，主任，导演	The director of the film won an award at the festival.
directory	n. 名录	I looked up his phone number in the directory.
dirt	n. 污物，污垢	The child's clothes were covered in dirt after playing outside.
dirty	a. 弄脏的；下流的v. 弄脏，玷污	Don't touch the clean walls with your dirty hands!
disable	vt. 使无能力,使伤残	The injury disabled him for several months.
disabled	adj.残废的n.残疾人	The building has special access for disabled people.
disadvantage	n.不利，不利地位	His lack of experience was a major disadvantage.
disadvantageous	adj.不利的	The current economic climate is disadvantageous for small businesses.
disagree	vi.有分歧；不一致	I'm sorry, but I have to disagree with you on that point.
disagreement	n.不一致；争论	There was some disagreement among the committee members.
disallow	v.不允许	The goal was disallowed because the player was offside.
disappear	v. 不见，消失	The sun disappeared behind the clouds.
disappearance	n.消失，消散；失踪	The mysterious disappearance of the ship remains unsolved.
disappoint	vt. 失望；(希望等)破灭，挫败(计划等)	I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I can't come to the party.
disappointed	adj.失望的，扫兴的	She was disappointed that she didn't get the job.
disappointment	n.失望	To his great disappointment, the movie was already sold out.
disapproval	n.不批准	Her parents showed their disapproval of her new boyfriend.
disaster	n. 灾难，大祸；彻底的失败	The earthquake was a major disaster for the region.
disastrous	a. 灾难性的	The decision turned out to be disastrous for the company.
disburse	v.支付	The bank will disburse the loan once all documents are signed.
disbursement	n.支付	The disbursement of funds will begin next week.
disc	n. 圆盘,圆面,磁盘,椎间盘	I bought a new disc for my computer game.
discard	vt. 抛弃,遗弃	Please discard any old magazines you no longer need.
discern	vt. 看出,察觉出;辨出,认出	It was difficult to discern any pattern in the data.
discharge	v./n. 卸货;排出(液体,气体);开(炮等);释放;偿付	The patient was discharged from the hospital after a week.
disciplinary	adj.纪律的，学科的	The student faced disciplinary action for breaking the rules.
discipline	n./vt. 训练,纪律;戒律,惩罚;学科	Martial arts require a lot of discipline and practice.
disclaim	v.放弃，不承认	The company disclaimed any responsibility for the accident.
disclose	vt. 透露,泄露	The investigation disclosed several irregularities in the accounts.
discomfort	n.不安，不舒服	He felt some discomfort in his chest.
discomfortable	adj.不舒服的	The chair was very discomfortable to sit in.
discontinue	v.中断	The manufacturer decided to discontinue the product due to low sales.
discount	n. 折扣 vt. 不全信,低估,漠视	Students get a 10% discount on all books.
discourage	v. 使泄气，使失去信心	Don't let one failure discourage you from trying again.
discourse	n. 论文；演说；谈话；话语vi. 讲述，著述	The professor gave a discourse on the history of philosophy.
discover	v. 发现，显示	The explorers discovered a hidden cave in the jungle.
discovery	n. 发现；被发现的事物	The discovery of fire changed human history forever.
discreet	a. 谨慎的,思虑两全的	He made some discreet inquiries about the job.
discreetly	adv.慎重地	She discreetly left the room so as not to disturb the meeting.
discrepancy	n. 不一致,差异,不符	There was a discrepancy between the two reports.
discretion	n.慎重	I leave it to your discretion to decide what to do.
distinction	v. 区别,区分;歧视	The distinction between the two species is very subtle.
discrimination	n.辨别；识别力；歧视	Discrimination against women in the workplace is illegal.
discuss	vt. 讨论，商议	We need to discuss this matter in more detail.
discussion	n.讨论，谈论；论述	The discussion lasted for several hours.
disdain	vt./n. 蔑视,轻视	He looked at her with disdain.
disease	n. 疾病	Vaccines have helped to eradicate many diseases.
disgrace	n. 失宠，耻辱v. 使失宠；玷辱，使蒙羞	His behavior was a disgrace to his family.
disgraceful	adj.耻辱的，受辱的	The treatment of the prisoners was disgraceful.
disguise	vt./n. 假扮;隐蔽;掩饰	He wore a wig and glasses as a disguise.
disgust	n./vt. 厌恶,讨厌	The smell of the rotting food filled her with disgust.
disgustful	adj.令人生厌的	The sight of the garbage on the beach was disgustful.
dish	n. 碟子，盘子，菜肴	What is your favorite Italian dish?
dishonorable	adj.不名誉的	He was dismissed from the army for dishonorable conduct.
dishonor	n.耻辱v.凌辱	His actions brought dishonor to his name.
disillusion	n.觉醒vt.使觉醒	Many young people become disillusioned with politics.
disinclined	adj.不愿意的	I am disinclined to believe his story.
disinfectant	n.消毒剂	Use a strong disinfectant to clean the bathroom.
disintegration	n.分散，解体	The disintegration of the empire took place over several centuries.
dislike	n./v. 不喜欢，厌恶	I have a strong dislike for spicy food.
disloyal	adj.不忠的	He was accused of being disloyal to his country.
disloyalty	adj.不忠	Disloyalty among friends is very hurtful.
dismal	adj.阴郁的，沉闷的	The weather was dismal, with grey clouds and rain all day.
dismay	n./vt. (使)灰心丧气;惊愕	To her dismay, she realized she had left her keys at home.
dismiss	vt. 解雇;解散;不考虑;消除	The manager decided to dismiss the employee for poor performance.
dismissal	n.解散，开除	The dismissal of the coach came as a surprise to everyone.
disobey	v.不服从	If you disobey the rules, you will be punished.
disorder	n./vt. 混乱,骚动,(身心)失调	The room was in a state of total disorder.
disparity	n.不同，悬殊	There is a huge disparity between the rich and the poor.
dispatch	v./n. (=despatch)派遣,发送,迅速办理,急件	The goods were dispatched from the warehouse yesterday.
dispel	v.驱散	The news helped to dispel the rumors that had been circulating.
dispense	v.分配，施予	The machine dispenses tickets automatically.
disperse	v. 使散开,使疏开,使分散	The police used tear gas to disperse the crowd.
displace	vt. 转移,取代	Many people were displaced by the flood.
displacement	n.移置；免职；置换	The displacement of the local population caused a major crisis.
display	vt./n. 展览,陈列	The museum has a beautiful display of ancient artifacts.
displease	vt.使不愉快，使生气	His rude behavior greatly displeased his parents.
displeasure	n.不快	She showed her displeasure by refusing to speak to anyone.
disposal	n. 处理，处置；布置，安排	Waste disposal is a major problem in big cities.
dispose	v. 处理,处置,除去;使愿意	Please dispose of your trash in the bins provided.
disposed	adj.有倾向的	He is well disposed towards the new proposal.
disposition	n. 排列，部署；性格倾向；倾向，意向	She has a very cheerful disposition.
dispute	v./n. 争论,争执,质疑	The two neighbors are in a dispute over their property line.
disregard	vt./n. 不理,漠视	He showed a complete disregard for the safety rules.
dissatisfaction	n.不满，不平	There is widespread dissatisfaction with the government's policies.
dissatisfy	vi.使不满，使不平	The poor service in the hotel dissatisfied many guests.
dissimilar	adj.不同的	The two brothers are very dissimilar in their interests.
dissipate	v. 消散,消失;浪费,挥霍	The fog began to dissipate as the sun came out.
dissolve	v. 使液化,融化;使解散	Sugar will dissolve in water.
distance	n. 距离，间隔，远方，路程	What is the distance between New York and London?
distant	a. 远的；遥远的；疏远的；不亲近的	He has a very distant relationship with his father.
distillation	n.蒸馏	Distillation is a process used to purify water.
distinct	a. 清楚的;不同的,独特的	There is a distinct possibility that it will rain later.
discrimination	n. 区别，差别；级别；特性；声望；显赫	Discrimination against any group is unacceptable.
distinctly	ad.显然，清楚地	I distinctly remember telling you about the meeting.
distinguish	v. 区别,识别;使显赫	It's hard to distinguish between the two identical twins.
distinguished	adj.尊贵的，尊敬的	He is a distinguished scientist who has won many awards.
distort	vt. 扭曲,使变形;歪曲,曲解	The media has been accused of distorting the truth.
distortion	n.弄歪，歪曲；畸变	The audio was full of distortion, making it hard to hear.
distract	v. 分散；使分心；打扰；使心情烦乱	Don't distract me while I'm trying to work.
distraction	n.分心	The noise from the street was a constant distraction.
distress	n./vt. 悲痛,忧伤;贫苦;危难	The news of the accident caused great distress to the family.
distribute	vt. 分发,分配,散布	The organization distributes food and water to the flood victims.
distribution	n.分发，分配；分布	The distribution of wealth in the country is very unequal.
distributor	n.分销商	He works as a distributor for a large electronics company.
distributorship	n.分销权	He has a distributorship for a new brand of soft drinks.
district	n. 地区，行政区；美国各州的众议院选区	He represents our district in the national parliament.
disturb	vt. 打扰,扰乱	Please do not disturb the baby while he is sleeping.
disturbance	n. 动乱，骚乱，干扰	There was a small disturbance at the protest.
disunite	v.使分裂	The issue threatened to disunite the whole community.
disuse	v. &n.废止	The old factory has fallen into disuse over the years.
ditch	n. 排水沟,沟渠 v. 坠入沟中,抛弃	The car slid off the road and into a ditch.
ditto	n.同上	The same applies to the other departments. Ditto for the sales team.
dive	v./n. 潜水，跳水，俯冲	He decided to dive into the cold water.
diver	n.潜水员，跳水运动员	The diver went down to a depth of thirty meters.
diverge	vi.分岔；分歧	The two roads diverge in a yellow wood.
divergence	n.分歧	There is a wide divergence of opinion on this matter.
diverse	a. 多种多样的,各不相同的	New York is a very diverse city with people from all over the world.
diversion	n. 转向，转移；牵制；解闷；娱乐	We had to take a diversion because the road was blocked.
diversity	n.多样化	Cultural diversity is one of the strengths of the city.
divert	vt. 使转向,使改道(或绕道);转移,转移…的注意力;使娱乐,使消遣	The police had to divert traffic away from the accident scene.
divide	v. 分，划分，分开；分配；(by)除	The teacher divided the class into four groups.
divine	a. 神的;极好的;v. 占卜	The view from the top of the mountain was divine.
division	n. 分，分割；部门，科，处；除法；分界线	The division of labor in the factory is very efficient.
divorce	v./n. 离婚，分离	They decided to get a divorce after ten years of marriage.
dizzy	a. 眩晕的,使人头晕的	I felt dizzy after spinning around too fast.
do	aux./v./vt. 做，干，办，从事；引起vi. 行动	What are you going to do this weekend?
dock	n. 船坞,码头;刑事被告席;v. 引入船坞,削减薪金、供应等	The ship is currently in dock for repairs.
doctor	n. 医生；博士vt. 授以博士学位；诊断；修改	The doctor prescribed some medicine for my cough.
doctrine	n. 教条,教义	The country's military doctrine is based on defense.
document	n. 公文，文献	Please sign this document and return it to me.
documentary	a. 文献的n. 记录片	I watched an interesting documentary about wildlife in Africa.
documentation	n.提供文件	You need to provide the necessary documentation for your visa application.
dodge	v. 躲闪,躲开;搪塞;逃避	He managed to dodge the ball just in time.
dog	n. 狗，雄兽vt. 尾随，跟踪	The dog was barking at the mailman.
doggedly	adv.顽固地	He doggedly pursued his goals despite the difficulties.
doll	n. 玩偶，玩具娃娃	The little girl was playing with her dolls.
dollar	n. (美国，加拿大等国货币单位)美元，加元	I have ten dollars in my wallet.
domain	n. 领域,领土,范围	The new technology belongs to the public domain.
dome	n. 圆屋顶	The cathedral has a magnificent golden dome.
domestic	a. 家的,家庭的;本国的;n. 佣人	Most domestic flights leave from this terminal.
dominant	a. 支配的，统治的，占优势的	The company has a dominant position in the market.
dominate	vt. 在…中占首要地位;支配,统治;俯视 vi. 处于支配地位	The mountain dominates the landscape for miles around.
donate	vt. 捐赠,捐献	They decided to donate some money to the local charity.
donation	n.捐献	The organization relies on private donations to function.
donkey	n. 驴子；蠢人；顽固的人	The donkey was carrying a heavy load of wood.
doom	n. 毁灭,死亡;vt. 注定,判定	The project was doomed to failure from the start.
door	n. 门；门口，出入口；门状物；家；通道	I forgot to lock the door when I left the house.
doorway	n. 门口	A tall man was standing in the doorway.
dormitory	n. 宿舍	He lives in a college dormitory with three other students.
dose	n. (药)一剂,一服;vt. 给…服药	The doctor told him to take one dose of medicine three times a day.
dot	n. 小圆点,小点 vt. 加上小点,散布于,点缀	The map was covered in tiny dots showing the locations of the stores.
double	n. 两倍adj. 两倍的，双重的vt. 使加倍vi. 加倍	The population of the town has doubled in the last decade.
doubt	n./v. 怀疑，疑虑	There is no doubt that he is the best player on the team.
doubtful	a. 怀疑的,有疑问的	It is doubtful whether the project will be finished on time.
doubtless	ad.无疑地；很可能	Doubtless, there are many reasons for the current economic crisis.
dough	n.面团	She kneaded the dough for several minutes before letting it rise.
dove	n. 鸽子	The white dove is a universal symbol of peace.
down	ad. 下；由大到小prep. 沿着…而下a. 向下的	He sat down on the bench to rest.
downstairs	ad. 在楼下，往楼下	I left my keys on the table downstairs.
downtown	a./ad. 在城市的商业区	We went downtown to do some holiday shopping.
downward	a. 向下的ad. (also: downwards)向下，往下	The path leads downward toward the river.
downwards	adv.向下，以下	Prices have been trending downwards for the past few months.
doze	v./n. 瞌睡；假寐	He began to doze off during the long movie.
dozen	n. 一打，十二个	I bought a dozen eggs at the grocery store.
draft	n. 草稿;汇票;征兵;vt. 起草;征兵	I've written a first draft of the report, but it still needs a lot of work.
drag	v. 拖，拖曳	The child was dragging his heavy school bag along the ground.
dragon	n. 龙	In many stories, the dragon is a powerful and dangerous creature.
drain	n. 排水管,排水沟;消耗;v. 排水,耗尽	The water in the sink won't drain away properly.
drainage	n.排水；下水道	Poor drainage in the area often leads to flooding after heavy rain.
drama	n. 剧本，戏剧；戏剧性事件或场面	She is studying drama at the local university.
dramatic	a.引人注目的,突然的;戏剧性的,激动人心的;戏剧的,剧本的	There has been a dramatic increase in the number of tourists this year.
dramatist	n.戏剧家	Shakespeare is considered the greatest dramatist in the English language.
dramatize	v.使戏剧化	The novel was later dramatized for television.
drastic	a. 严厉的,极端的;激烈的,迅猛的	The government is taking drastic measures to reduce pollution.
draw	v. 拉；画；汲取；引出；(to)挨近n. 平局；拖曳	She used a pencil to draw a portrait of her friend.
drawback	n. 障碍,不利	One of the main drawbacks of living in the city is the high cost of living.
drawer	n. 抽屉	He kept his socks in the top drawer of the dresser.
drawing	n. 绘图，图样	He showed us his drawings of local birds.
dread	n./v. 畏惧,恐惧	I dread the thought of having to give a speech in public.
dreadful	a.可怕的；令人敬畏的	The news of the accident was absolutely dreadful.
dream	n./v. 梦，梦想，幻想	His dream is to one day become a professional musician.
dreary	a. 沉闷的,阴沉的	The weather was dreary and grey all day long.
drench	vt. 使淋透,使湿透	A sudden downpour drenched us as we walked home.
dress	n. 服装，童装，女装v. 穿衣，打扮	She wore a beautiful blue dress to the wedding.
dressing	n.打扮，调味品	I like to put oil and vinegar dressing on my salad.
drift	n. 漂流,漂流物,大概意思,趋势;v. 漂流,流浪	The boat began to drift away from the shore.
drill	n. 钻,钻头,操练,练习 v. 钻孔,操练	The dentist used a small drill to fix the cavity.
drink	v. (drank，drunk)喝，饮n. 饮料；喝酒	Would you like something to drink?
drip	v. 滴下，漏水n. 滴，水滴，点滴	I could hear the sound of water dripping from the faucet.
drive	v. 开(车)；驱；驱动，把(钉，桩)打入n. 驾驶	He is learning how to drive a car.
driver	n. 驾驶员	The bus driver greeted the passengers as they boarded.
droop	v.下垂	The flowers began to droop because they hadn't been watered.
drop	n. 滴；落下；微量v. 落下；下降；失落	Be careful not to drop that fragile vase.
dropout	n.中途退出者	He was a high school dropout who later became a successful businessman.
drought	n. 干旱	The severe drought led to widespread crop failure.
drown	v. 淹死;(高声音)遮掩(低声音)	The loud music drowned out our conversation.
drug	n. 药物；麻醉品；毒品；滞销货v. 下麻药；吸毒	The doctor prescribed a new drug to treat his condition.
drugstore	n.零食店	I need to go to the drugstore to get some aspirin.
drum	n. 鼓；圆桶	He has been playing the drums in a band for three years.
drunk	a. 醉酒的；(喻)陶醉的n. 酗酒者，醉汉	It is dangerous and illegal to drive while drunk.
drunkard	n.醉鬼	He was known in the village as a hopeless drunkard.
dry	a. 干(旱)的；干渴的；枯燥vt. 使干燥，晒干	The desert air is very dry.
dubious	a. 半信半疑的	The accuracy of the report is highly dubious.
duck	n. 鸭，鸭肉v. 迅速俯身；快速低头；躲避	A family of ducks was swimming in the pond.
due	a. 正当的,预定应到的,由于 n. 应得之物,俱乐部会费	The payment is due by the end of the month.
duke	n.公爵，君主；手	The Duke of Wellington is a famous figure in British history.
dull	a. 阴暗的,迟钝的,沉闷的,钝的 v. 变钝	The lecture was so dull that half the students fell asleep.
duly	ad. 适当地,按时地	The documents were duly signed and returned to the office.
dumb	a. 哑的,暂不说话的,愚笨的	He was struck dumb by the shocking news.
dummy	n.傀儡	They used a crash-test dummy to study the safety of the new car.
dump	n. 垃圾站,军需品堆集处 vt. 倒垃圾,随便抛弃,倾销	It is illegal to dump trash in the forest.
dumping	n.倾销	The company was accused of dumping toxic waste into the river.
dung	n.粪	The farmer used cow dung as fertilizer for his crops.
dungeon	n.地牢	The prisoner was kept in a dark and damp dungeon.
duplicate	a. 完全一样的,复制的;n. 复制品,副本;vt. 复写,复制	Can you make a duplicate of this key for me?
durable	a. 耐用的;n. 耐用品	This fabric is very durable and will last for many years.
duration	n. 持久；期间；持续时间	The duration of the flight is approximately ten hours.
during	prep. 在…期间	I stayed with my grandparents during the summer holidays.
dusk	n. 薄暮，黄昏	The sky turned a beautiful shade of pink at dusk.
dust	n. 灰尘，尘土v. 拂，掸	The old bookshelf was covered in a thick layer of dust.
dustbin	n.簸箕	Please put your empty bottles in the dustbin.
dusty	adj.沾满灰尘的	The room was dusty and hadn't been cleaned in weeks.
duty	n. 义务，责任；职务；税	It is your duty to inform the police if you see a crime.
duty-free	adj.免税的	I bought some perfume at the duty-free shop at the airport.
dwarf	n. 矮子;矮小的动植物;vt. 使…矮小,使…相形见绌	The huge skyscraper dwarfs all the other buildings in the city.
dwell	vi. 居住;详述	Many rare species of birds dwell in this forest.
dweller	n.居住者，住客	City dwellers often complain about the noise and pollution.
dwelling	n. 住宅，寓所	The ancient dwellings were carved into the side of the cliff.
dye	n. 染料v. 染，染色	She decided to dye her hair bright red.
dynamic	a. 动力的,精力充沛的;n. (pl.)力学,动力学	He is a dynamic leader who inspires his team.
dynasty	n. 王朝，朝代	The Ming Dynasty ruled China for nearly 300 years.
each	a./pron. 各，各自的，每	Each student was given a copy of the book.
eager	a. (for)渴望的，热切的	The children were eager for the holidays to begin.
eagle	n. 鹰	The eagle soared high above the mountains.
ear	n. 耳，耳朵；听力，听觉；穗	He whispered the secret into her ear.
earl	n.伯爵	The Earl of Leicester was a prominent figure in the royal court.
early	a. 早的，早期的，及早的ad. 早，在初期	I woke up early this morning to watch the sunrise.
earmark	n.标记，特征	The money has been earmarked for the construction of a new school.
earn	v. 赚得，挣得，获得	She works hard to earn enough money to support her family.
earnest	a. 认真的,坚决的	He made an earnest plea for help.
earnings	n.工资，收入；收益	The company's quarterly earnings exceeded expectations.
earphone	n.耳机	He listened to music through his earphones on the train.
earth	n. 地球；陆地；泥土，土壤；尘世，人间	The Earth is the third planet from the Sun.
earthly	adj.世俗的	He has no interest in earthly possessions.
earthquake	n. 地震	The city was destroyed by a powerful earthquake.
ease	v./n. 减轻,放松,小心移置;舒适	The medicine helped to ease the pain in his leg.
easily	ad.容易地；舒适的	She passed the exam easily after studying for weeks.
east	n. 东，东方，东部a. 东方的，东部的	The sun rises in the east.
Easter	n. 复活节	Easter is a major Christian holiday celebrated in the spring.
eastern	a. 东方的，东部的	The eastern part of the country is mostly mountains.
eastward	a.&ad.向东的，向东	They continued their journey eastward across the desert.
easy	a. 容易的，不费力的，安逸的，宽裕的	The math problem was quite easy to solve.
easy-going	adj.逍遥自在的	He is an easy-going person who doesn't get stressed easily.
eat	vt. 吃，喝vi. 吃饭，吃东西	I'm so hungry I could eat a horse!
eccentric	n./a. 古怪(的),偏执(的);不同心(的)	The old man was known for his eccentric behavior and strange habits.
eccentricity	n.怪僻	His eccentricity made him a fascinating character to study.
echo	n./v. 反响,回声	The sound of his voice echoed through the empty hall.
eclipse	n./vt. [天	A total solar eclipse is a rare and spectacular event.
ecology	n. 生态学	We need to understand the ecology of the forest before we start logging.
economic	a. 经济学的,经济的,便宜的	The country is facing a serious economic crisis.
economical	a. 节约的，经济的	A small car is much more economical than a large SUV.
economically	ad.节约地，在经济上	The project is not economically viable at this time.
economics	n. 经济学，经济情况	She is studying economics at the University of Chicago.
economize	v.节省	We need to economize on our spending if we want to save for a house.
economy	n. 节约；经济	The global economy is starting to show signs of recovery.
ecstasy	n.狂喜	She was in a state of utter ecstasy after winning the gold medal.
edge	n. 边，棱；刀口，刃v. 侧身移动，挤进	He stood on the edge of the cliff and looked down at the sea.
edit	vt. 编辑,剪辑	The editor spent hours editing the first chapter of the book.
edition	n. 版本,版次	The new edition of the dictionary contains thousands of new words.
editor	n. 编辑，编者	He works as an editor for a major fashion magazine.
editorial	n. 社论a. 社论的；编辑上的	The newspaper's editorial criticized the government's new policy.
educate	v. 教育，培养，训练	It is important to educate children about the dangers of drugs.
education	n. 教育，培养，训练	A good education is the key to a successful future.
educational	adj.教育的	The museum offers a wide variety of educational programs for schools.
eel	n.鳝鱼	Eels are long, thin fish that look a bit like snakes.
effect	n. 结果；效果；影响；印象vt. 招致；实现；达到	The new law will have a major effect on the housing market.
effective	a. 有效的，生效的；被实施的；给人深刻印象	The new medicine is very effective in treating the disease.
effectively	adv.有效地	She managed to communicate her ideas very effectively.
effectiveness	n.有效	The effectiveness of the new policy is still being evaluated.
efficiency	n. 效率；功效	We need to improve the efficiency of our production process.
efficient	a. 能胜任的,效率高的	An efficient transportation system is essential for a modern city.
effort	n. 努力；成就；艰难的尝试	He made a great effort to finish the project on time.
e.g.	(缩)例如	Many countries, e.g., France and Germany, are part of the European Union.
egg	n. 蛋，卵，卵形物	I had scrambled eggs for breakfast.
eggplant	n.茄子	Eggplant is a common ingredient in many Mediterranean dishes.
Egypt	n.埃及	Egypt is famous for its ancient pyramids and the Nile River.
Egyptian	a.埃及的n.埃及人	The Egyptian museum in Cairo has a vast collection of artifacts.
eight	num. 八pron. 八(个，只…)	There are eight planets in our solar system.
eighteen	num. 十八，十八个	She celebrated her eighteenth birthday last week.
eighth	num.第八 n.八分之一	He came in eighth in the marathon.
eighty	num./a. 八十pron. 八十(个，只…)	My grandfather is eighty years old.
either	ad. 也(不)pron. 两者之一a. (两者中)任一的	Either you come with me or you stay here.
eject	v. 喷射,排出;驱逐	The pilot was forced to eject from the burning aircraft.
ejection	n.喷射	The ejection of lava from the volcano lasted for several days.
elaborate	a. 精心计划的;复杂的,详尽的;vt. 做详细说明	The wedding decorations were very elaborate and beautiful.
elaboration	n.详尽阐述	The report needs more elaboration on the technical details.
elapse	vi. (时间)流逝	Several years had elapsed since they last saw each other.
elastic	a. 弹性的,有伸缩性的;n. 橡皮圈	Rubber bands are made of an elastic material.
elasticity	n.弹性	The elasticity of the skin decreases as we get older.
elbow	n. 肘,衣服肘部 vt. 用肘推、挤	He accidentally hit his elbow on the corner of the table.
elder	a. 年长的，资格老的n. 长辈	You should show respect to your elders.
elect	v. 选举，推选；选择，作出选择	The citizens will elect a new president next month.
election	n.选举，选择权；当选	The general election is scheduled for early November.
electric	a. 电的，导电的，电动的	He bought a new electric guitar last week.
electrical	a. 电的,电气科学的	The building's electrical system needs to be updated.
electrician	n. 电学家，电工	We called an electrician to fix the broken lights.
electricity	n. 电，电流；电学	Electricity is essential for modern life.
electrify	v.充电，电气化	The railway line was electrified several years ago.
electron	n. 电子	An atom consists of a nucleus surrounded by electrons.
electronic	a. 电子的	Most modern communication is done through electronic means.
electronics	n.电子学	He is studying electronics engineering at university.
elegance	n.优雅	She is known for her timeless style and elegance.
elegant	a. 雅致的,优美的;简洁的	The hotel lobby was decorated in a very elegant style.
element	n. 元素；要素；成分；元件；自然环境	Oxygen is an essential element for life.
elemental	a.基本的；自然力的	The storm showed the elemental power of nature.
elementary	a. 基本的,初级的	He is studying elementary mathematics.
elephant	n. (动物)象	The elephant is the largest land animal on Earth.
elevate	vt. 提升…的职位;提高,改善;使情绪高昂,使兴高采烈;举起,使上升	The boss decided to elevate him to the position of manager.
elevation	n.高度；标高；隆肿	The city is located at an elevation of 2,000 meters above sea level.
elevator	n. 电梯，升降机	We took the elevator to the top floor of the building.
eleven	num. 十一pron./a. 十一(个，只…)	There are eleven players on a soccer team.
eleventh	num.第十一(个)	He finished in eleventh place in the race.
eliminate	vt. 排除,清楚;消灭;淘汰(常指在比赛中打 败团队或个人,使他们不在参加)	The team was eliminated in the first round of the tournament.
elimination	n.消灭，排除，消除	The elimination of poverty is one of the UN's global goals.
elliptical	a.椭圆的；省略的	The planet's orbit is elliptical rather than circular.
ellipsis	n.省略	The writer used an ellipsis to indicate that some words had been left out.
eloquence	n.雄辩；口才，修辞	His eloquence won over the audience during the speech.
eloquent	a. 雄辩的	He gave an eloquent speech on the importance of education.
else	ad. 其它，另外，别的；[与or连用	Is there anyone else who wants to join us?
elsewhere	ad. 在别处,向别处	If you can't find it here, you might have to look elsewhere.
elusive	adj.躲闪的	The criminal has been elusive and has managed to avoid capture for months.
email	n.电子邮件	I'll send you the details by email later today.
emancipate	v.解放	The slaves were emancipated after the war.
emancipation	n.解放	The emancipation of women has been a long and ongoing process.
embargo	n./v. 禁止贸易	The UN imposed a trade embargo on the country.
embark	v. 上船;从事;开始	They are about to embark on a new business venture.
embarrass	vt. 使为难,使尴尬	I didn't mean to embarrass you in front of your friends.
embarrassing	adj.令人尴尬的	It was an embarrassing mistake to make in public.
embarrassment	n.窘迫，尴尬	She turned red with embarrassment when she realized her mistake.
embassy	n. 大使馆	The protest took place outside the American embassy.
embody	vt. 体现,使具体化;包含,收录	The new law embodies the principles of fairness and equality.
embrace	v./n. 拥抱;利用;包含	They greeted each other with a warm embrace.
embroider	v.绣	She decided to embroider a pattern on her new dress.
embroidery	n.绣花，刺绣；绣制品	The museum has a collection of traditional Chinese embroidery.
emerge	vi. 出现,浮现,暴露	New details about the case began to emerge during the trial.
emergency	n. 紧急情况,突发事件	In case of emergency, please call 911.
emigrant	n.移居国外的人	The country has seen a large number of emigrants in recent years.
emigrate	vi. 移居国外	Many people emigrated from Europe to America in the 19th century.
emigration	n.向国外移民	The government is trying to encourage emigration to rural areas.
eminent	a. 著名的,卓越的	He is an eminent scholar in the field of history.
emission	n.散发；传播；发出物	The government is trying to reduce carbon emissions from factories.
emit	vt. 散发,发射	The sun emits a vast amount of energy in the form of light and heat.
emotion	n. 激动,情绪,情感	He found it difficult to express his emotions in words.
emotional	a.感情的，情绪的	The movie was very emotional and made many people cry.
emperor	n. 皇帝	The emperor ruled over a vast and powerful empire.
emphasis	n. 强调，重点	The school places a strong emphasis on academic excellence.
emphasize	vt. 强调,加强…的语气	I must emphasize the importance of being on time.
emphatic	adj.强调的，着重的	He was emphatic that he had nothing to do with the incident.
empire	n. 帝国	The Roman Empire was one of the largest in history.
empirical	a. 经验主义的	The theory is based on empirical evidence rather than just logic.
employ	n./v. 雇用；用，使用	The company decided to employ twenty new staff members.
employee	n. 雇工，雇员	The company has over five hundred employees worldwide.
employer	n. 雇主	The employer is responsible for providing a safe working environment.
employment	n. 雇用,使用,职业	He is currently looking for full-time employment.
emptiness	n.空虚，空白	He felt a sense of utter emptiness after his best friend moved away.
empty	a. 空的；空洞的v. 倒空，使成为空的	The house was empty and silent.
enable	v. 使能够，使成为可能；授予权利或方法	The new technology will enable us to work much faster.
enchant	vt.迷住；用魔法迷惑	The audience was enchanted by the beautiful music.
encircle	v.环绕，包围	The city is encircled by high mountains.
enclose	vt. 把…围起来;把…封入信封	Please enclose a copy of your CV with your application.
enclosure	n. 围住，圈起，封入，附件	The animals are kept in a large outdoor enclosure.
encounter	vt./n. 遭遇,意外地遇到	We encountered some difficulties during the early stages of the project.
encourage	v. 鼓励，怂恿	My parents always encouraged me to follow my dreams.
encouragement	n.鼓舞，鼓励	With a little encouragement, he was able to finish the race.
encyclopaedia	n.百科全书	I looked up the information in a multi-volume encyclopaedia.
end	n. 末端，端，梢；目标，目的v. 终止，结束	The meeting finally came to an end at 5 PM.
endanger	vt.危及，危害	The oil spill endangered the local wildlife.
endeavor	v./n. 努力，尽力，力图	We must endeavor to finish the work on time.
ending	n. 结尾，结局	The movie has a very surprising and dramatic ending.
endless	a.无止境的	The desert seemed to stretch on for an endless distance.
endorse	vt. 背书,签署(姓名);赞同	The celebrity decided to endorse the new product.
endorsement	n.背书	The candidate received an endorsement from the former president.
endow	vt. 捐款,资助;赋予天赋	She was endowed with a beautiful singing voice.
endurance	n. 忍耐力,忍耐	Marathon running is a test of physical and mental endurance.
endure	v. 忍受，持久，持续	The people had to endure years of hardship during the war.
endures	n.最终用户	The company provides software solutions for its end users.
enemy	n. 敌人，仇敌，反对者；敌人，敌军，敌国	He has made many enemies because of his outspoken views.
energetic	a. 精力旺盛的,精力充沛的	She is a very energetic person who loves to stay active.
energy	n. 活力，精力；能，能量	Solar energy is a clean and renewable source of power.
enforce	vt. 强迫服从;实施;加强	The police are responsible for enforcing the law.
engage	v. 雇用;从事;订婚;吸引;啮合	They decided to engage a lawyer to represent them in court.
engaged	adj.占用的，从事的	She is currently engaged in a research project at the university.
engagement	n. 约会，约定；婚约，订婚	They announced their engagement to their friends and family.
engine	n. 发动机，引擎；火车头	The car's engine began to make a strange noise.
engineer	n. 工程师	He works as a software engineer for a tech company in Silicon Valley.
engineering	n. 工程学	She decided to study civil engineering at university.
England	n.英格兰；英国	London is the capital city of England.
English	n.英语 a.英国人的	English is a global language spoken by millions of people.
Englishman	n.英国男子	He is a typical Englishman who loves cricket and tea.
engrave	vt. 刻上;铭记	He decided to engrave her name on the inside of the ring.
engraving	adj.雕刻	The museum has a collection of fine wood engravings.
engulf	v.吞没	The flames quickly engulfed the entire building.
enhance	vt. 提高(强度、力量、数量等),增加(进)	The new software will enhance the performance of the computer.
enhancement	n.提高	The enhancement of the image was done using professional software.
enjoy	vt. 享受…的乐趣；欣赏；喜爱	I hope you enjoy your stay at our hotel.
enjoyable	adj.愉快的	We had a very enjoyable evening with our neighbors.
enjoyment	n.享受，乐趣	She gets a lot of enjoyment from gardening.
enlarge	vt. 扩大，放大，增大	They decided to enlarge their house by adding a new room.
enlargement	n.扩大	The enlargement of the photo made it look a bit blurry.
enlighten	vt. 启发,开导	The documentary served to enlighten people about the dangers of climate change.
enlightening	adj.给人启发的	It was a very enlightening discussion that changed my perspective.
enormous	a. 庞大的,巨大的	The task was enormous and took several months to complete.
enough	a. (for)足够的n. 足够，充分ad. 足够地	Is there enough food for everyone?
enquire	v. 询问,打听	I'd like to enquire about the availability of tickets for the concert.
enquiry	v.询问	The police are currently conducting an enquiry into the incident.
enrich	vt. 使丰富,充实;使富有	Travel can greatly enrich your understanding of the world.
enroll	v. 招收；登记；入学；参军；成为会员	You need to enroll in the course before the end of the month.
enrolment	n. 登记,入学	Enrolment for the new semester begins next week.
enroute	adv.在途中	The ship is currently enroute from Singapore to New York.
ensure	v. 确保，保证；使安全	Please ensure that all the windows are closed before you leave.
entail	vt. 使必需	The new project will entail a lot of extra work for the team.
enter	vt. 进入；参加，加入；写入vi. 进去，进来	Please enter your password to access the computer.
enterprise	n. 艰巨的事业,事业心;企业	The new business venture was a risky enterprise.
entertain	v. 招待，款待；使娱乐；使欢乐；容纳，接受	We love to entertain friends at our house on the weekends.
entertainment	n. 娱乐,招待,表演	The city offers a wide variety of entertainment options.
enthusiasm	n. 热情，热心；狂热；积极性(for)	Her enthusiasm for the project was contagious.
enthusiastic	a. 热心的,热情的	The fans were very enthusiastic and cheered loudly for their team.
entire	a. 完全的，全部的，完整的	I spent the entire day cleaning the house.
entirely	adv.完全地，彻底地	I entirely agree with your assessment of the situation.
entirety	n.全部	The project must be completed in its entirety by Friday.
entitle	vt. 给(书)题名;给予…权利	This card entitles you to a 10% discount on all purchases.
entrance	n. 入口，门口；进入；入学，入会vt. 使某人(着魔般)狂喜, 着迷	The entrance to the museum is free of charge.
entreat	vt.&vi.恳求	She entreated him to stay, but he had to leave.
entrust	v.委托	He entrusted his secrets to his best friend.
entry	n. 进入,入口;条目,词条	The entry fee for the competition is ten dollars.
enumerate	v.列举	The teacher began to enumerate the various reasons for the war.
envelop	v.包，围绕	The fog began to envelop the city, making it hard to see.
envelope	n. 信封，信皮；封套	I put the letter in an envelope and mailed it.
envious	adj.嫉妒的	She was envious of her friend's success.
environment	n. 环境，外界	We must all work together to protect the environment.
environmental	a.环境的，环境产生的	Environmental protection is a key issue in the upcoming election.
envy	n./vt. 妒忌,妒忌的对象;羡慕	I don't envy him his difficult job.
epidemic	a. (疾病)流行性的,传染的 n. 流行病	The city is facing a major flu epidemic.
episode	n. 一系列事件中的一个事件	The first episode of the new series was very exciting.
epoch	n. 新纪元,新时代	The invention of the internet marked a new epoch in human history.
epoch-making	adj.划时代的	The discovery was an epoch-making event in the field of science.
equal	a./n./vt. 相等的,相等于,相等匹敌	One plus one is equal to two.
equality	n. 同等；平等；相等；等式；等同性	The organization is fighting for gender equality in the workplace.
equally	adv.相等地，相同地	The two sisters are equally talented in music.
equation	n. (数学)等式，方程式；(with)相等；均衡	Can you solve this algebraic equation?
equator	n. 赤道	The equator is an imaginary line that divides the Earth into two hemispheres.
equilibrium	n.平衡，均衡；均衡论	The price of the product is determined by the equilibrium of supply and demand.
equip	v. (with)装备，配备；训练	The laboratory is equipped with the latest scientific technology.
equipment	n. 设备，器材，装置；才能	We need to buy some new sports equipment for the school.
equivalence	n.相等，等值	The scientist established the mathematical equivalence of the two theories.
equivalent	a./n. 相等的,相同	The diploma is equivalent to a university degree.
era	n. 时代，年代，阶段，纪元	The invention of the steam engine marked the beginning of a new era.
eradicate	v.根除	The government is launching a program to eradicate poverty.
eradication	n.根除	The total eradication of smallpox was a major triumph for medicine.
erase	vt. 擦掉,抹掉	I used an eraser to erase the pencil marks from the paper.
erasure	n.抹去	The erasure of sensitive data is necessary for security.
erect	vt. 建立,使竖立;a. 直立的,竖直的	A statue was erected in the square to commemorate the fallen soldiers.
erection	n.竖立，建立	The erection of the new bridge took several years.
erosion	n. 腐蚀,侵蚀;削弱,丧失	Soil erosion is a serious problem in many agricultural areas.
err	v.犯错误	To err is human; to forgive is divine.
errand	n. 差使,差事	She went on a quick errand to the post office.
error	n. 错误，过失	The computer program crashed due to a small error in the code.
erupt	vi. 爆发;喷发	The volcano is expected to erupt at any time.
eruption	n.喷发，爆发	The sudden eruption of the volcano caught everyone by surprise.
escalator	n.电动扶梯	We took the escalator to the third floor of the shopping mall.
escape	n. 逃跑，逃脱v. 逃跑；避开，避免	The prisoner managed to escape from the high-security jail.
escort	n. 护卫者;护航舰;vt. 护送,护卫	The police will escort the visiting president to the palace.
especial	adj.特别的，专门的	He has an especial talent for music.
especially	ad. 特别，尤其，格外；专门地，主要地	I love all kinds of fruit, especially mangoes.
essay	n. 文章,小品文,随笔	She wrote a brilliant essay on the effects of climate change.
essayist	n.散文作家	Montaigne is considered one of the greatest essayists in history.
essence	n. 本质，实质	The essence of the problem lies in a lack of communication.
essential	n./a. 本质(的),必要(的)	Water is essential for all living things.
essentially	adj.本质上，实质上	The two plans are essentially the same.
establish	vt. 建立;确立;证实;使人接受	The company was established in 1920.
established	adj.已建立的	He is an established author with several best-selling books.
establishment	n. 建立，设立，建立的机构(或组织)	The establishment of the new clinic will benefit the local community.
estate	n. 房地产,财产	He left his entire estate to his children.
esteem	n./vt. 尊重,珍重	The professor is held in high esteem by his students.
estimate	n. 估计,估价 v. 评价,估量	The contractor gave us an estimate for the repair work.
estimation	n.估算，估计	In my estimation, the project will take about six months.
etc.	(缩)等等	We need to buy bread, milk, eggs, etc.
eternal	a. 永久的,不朽的;不停的	The sun is a source of eternal energy.
Europe	n.欧洲	France and Germany are located in Europe.
European	a.欧洲的 n.欧洲人	The European Union promotes economic cooperation among its members.
evaluate	vt. 估…的价,定…的值	The teacher will evaluate the students' work at the end of the term.
evaluation	n.估价，评价	The initial evaluation of the new product was very positive.
evaporate	v. 使蒸发,使脱水,消失	The water in the puddle began to evaporate in the sun.
evaporation	n.蒸发，升华	Heat increases the rate of evaporation.
eve	n. (节日等的)前夜，前夕	The family gathered for dinner on Christmas Eve.
even	a. 一致的,双数的,均等的 vt. 使平坦 ad. 即使	The two teams had an even score at the end of the game.
evening	n. 傍晚，黄昏，晚上	We spent a relaxing evening watching movies.
evenly	ad.一致地，平静地	The cake batter should be spread evenly in the pan.
event	n. 事件，事情	The annual music festival is a major event in the city.
eventful	adj.多事的	It has been an eventful year with many changes.
eventually	ad. 终于，最后	After months of training, she eventually won the race.
ever	ad. 曾经；永远；在任何时候；究竟	Have you ever been to Paris?
everlasting	a. 永久的,永恒的	They promised each other everlasting love.
every	a. 每一个的，每个的；每隔…的；全部的	Every student in the class passed the exam.
everybody	pron. (everyone)每人，人人	Everybody was shocked by the news.
everyday	adj. 每日的，日常的	The movie deals with the problems of everyday life.
everyone	pron. (everybody)每人，人人，各人	Everyone is invited to the party.
everything	pron. 每件事，一切；最重要的东西	Everything will be fine, don't worry.
everywhere	ad. 到处，各处，无论何处	There were flowers growing everywhere in the garden.
evidence	n. 明显；显著；根据；证据；迹象	The police found no evidence linking him to the crime.
evident	a. 明显的，明白的	It was evident from his expression that he was unhappy.
evidently	adv.明显地，显然	Evidently, she had forgotten about our appointment.
evil	a. 邪恶的，罪恶的n. 邪恶，罪恶	In the story, the hero defeats the evil king.
evolution	n. 演变,进展,进化	Darwin's theory of evolution changed our understanding of life.
evolve	v. (使)发展；(使)进化；(使)进展	Languages evolve over time as new words are added.
ex	prep.在交货	The goods were sold ex warehouse.
exact	a. 确切的，正确的，精确的	What is the exact time?
exactly	ad.确切地；恰恰正是	I know exactly how you feel.
exaggerate	v. 夸大,夸张	Don't exaggerate; the fish wasn't that big.
exaggerated	adj.言过其辞的	The news report gave an exaggerated account of the incident.
exaggeration	n.夸张	It's no exaggeration to say that he is the best player in the world.
exalt	v.抬高，发扬	The poem was written to exalt the beauty of nature.
exalted	adj.高贵的，得意的	He held an exalted position in the royal court.
exam	n.考试；检查，细查	I have a math exam tomorrow morning.
examination	n. 考试，测验	The doctor performed a thorough physical examination.
examine	v. 检查，调查；对…进行考试	The police are examining the evidence carefully.
example	n. 例子，实例；模范，榜样	Can you give me an example of what you mean?
exasperate	v. 激怒,使恼火	Her constant complaining began to exasperate him.
exasperation	n.愤慨，加剧	He threw his hands up in exasperation.
exceed	vt. 比…大,超出	The cost of the repairs will exceed the value of the car.
exceedingly	ad. 极端地，非常	The task was exceedingly difficult, but we managed to finish it.
excel	v. 杰出,胜过,优于	She excels in mathematics and science.
excellence	n.优秀，卓越	The school is known for its academic excellence.
excellent	a. 卓越的，极好的	The service at the restaurant was excellent.
except	prep. 除…之外v. 除外；反对	Everyone was invited to the party except for John.
exception	n. 例外，除外；反对；异议	Most students passed the exam, with a few exceptions.
exceptional	a. 优越的,杰出的;特殊的,例外的	The young pianist showed exceptional talent.
excess	n. 超越,超过;暴行;a. 额外的,附加的	You will have to pay for any excess baggage.
excessive	a. 过多的；过分的；额外	Excessive noise can lead to hearing loss.
exchange	v./n. 交换,兑换	We exchanged gifts on Christmas morning.
excite	v. 刺激，使激动；激发，激励	The news of the discovery excited the whole scientific community.
excited	adj.兴奋的	The children were very excited about the trip to the zoo.
excitement	n. 刺激，激动，兴奋	There was a lot of excitement before the concert started.
exciting	a. 令人兴奋的，使人激动的	The game was very exciting and ended in a tie.
exclaim	v. 呼叫,惊叫	'Look at that!' she exclaimed in surprise.
exclamation	n.呼喊，惊叫；感叹	He let out an exclamation of joy when he heard the news.
exclude	v. 拒绝，把…排除在外，排斥	The price of the tour excludes lunch and dinner.
exclusion	n.排除	The exclusion of certain groups from the club was controversial.
exclusive	a. 独占的；排他的；孤高的；唯一的；高级的	The hotel has an exclusive beach for its guests.
exclusively	ad.专门地	The magazine is published exclusively for women.
exclusivity	n.独家经营权	The company was granted exclusivity to sell the product in Europe.
excursion	n. 远足,短途旅行	We went on a day excursion to the mountains.
excuse	v. 原谅，宽恕，免除n. 借口，辩解	Please excuse me for being late.
execute	vt. 实行,贯彻,实施;处死;演奏	The plan was executed perfectly by the team.
execution	n.实行，执行；处死刑	The execution of the project was delayed due to lack of funds.
executive	n. 总经理，董事，行政负责人a. 执行的，实施的	He holds an executive position in a large corporation.
exemplify	vt. 举例说明,作为…的例证	His life exemplifies the values of hard work and honesty.
exempt	vt./a. 免除,被豁免的	Charities are exempt from paying certain taxes.
exercise	n. 练习，习题；训练，锻练v. 训练，锻练；行使	Regular exercise is important for maintaining good health.
exercise-book	n.练习簿	The students wrote their essays in their exercise-books.
exert	vt. 发挥,行使,尽力	You need to exert more effort if you want to pass the exam.
exertion	n.尽力，竭力	He was exhausted after the physical exertion of the race.
exhaust	n. 排气;v. (使)疲倦;用尽;弄空;详述	The long journey exhausted the children.
exhausted	adj.精疲力竭的	She felt completely exhausted after working all day.
exhaustion	n.用尽，详述	He suffered from mental exhaustion after months of intense study.
exhaustive	adj.详尽的	The police conducted an exhaustive search of the area.
exhibit	v. 展出，陈列n. 展览品，陈列品	The museum will exhibit a collection of ancient Egyptian artifacts.
exhibition	n. 展览会；陈列，展览	The art exhibition attracted hundreds of visitors on its opening day.
exile	n./vt. 流放,离乡背井	The poet lived in exile for many years after the revolution.
exist	v. 存在；生存；生活	Do you believe that life exists on other planets?
existence	n. 存在，实在；生存，生活(方式)	The existence of the rare bird was confirmed by local scientists.
existing	adj.现存的，已有的	The existing laws need to be updated to reflect modern values.
exit	n. 出口，通道	The emergency exit is located at the back of the building.
exonerate	v.昭雪，解除	The DNA evidence helped to exonerate the wrongly accused man.
exoneration	n.免罪，免除	He is still waiting for official exoneration from the court.
expand	v. (使)扩大,展开;膨胀	The company plans to expand its operations into Asia.
expansion	n. 扩张，膨胀；张开，伸展	The economic expansion led to the creation of many new jobs.
expect	v. 预期；期望，指望	I expect that the weather will be fine tomorrow.
expectation	n. 预期，期望，指望	The performance exceeded all our expectations.
expedience	n.便利，权宜之计	The decision was based more on political expedience than on principles.
expedient	a. 有用的,有利的;n. 紧急的办法,权宜之计	It might be expedient to delay the announcement for a few days.
expedite	v.加快，急送	We need to find a way to expedite the delivery process.
expedition	n. 远征,探险(队),考察(队)	The team set off on an expedition to reach the North Pole.
expel	vt. 开除;驱逐;排出	The student was expelled from school for repeated bad behavior.
expend	vt. 消费,用尽	You should not expend too much energy on unimportant tasks.
expenditure	n. 花费；(时间，金钱等的)支出，消耗	Public expenditure on health and education has increased.
expense	n. 花费，消费，消耗	He traveled around the world at his own expense.
expensive	a. 花费的，昂贵的	I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
experience	n./vt. 经验；经历；体验；阅历	She has ten years of experience in the fashion industry.
experienced	adj.有经验的	He is an experienced pilot who has flown all over the world.
experiment	n. 实验；试验v. (on)进行实验；做试验	The scientists are conducting an experiment to test the new drug.
experimental	a. 实验(性)的，试验(性)的	The plane is still in the experimental stage of development.
experimentation	n.实验，试验；实验法	Scientific progress is achieved through constant experimentation.
expert	n. 专家，能手a. 熟练的，有经验的；专门的	He is a leading expert in the field of artificial intelligence.
expertise	n. 专门知识,专门技能	The job requires a high level of technical expertise.
expiration	n.期满	Please check the expiration date on the milk carton.
expire	vi. 满期,到期;逝世,死	My passport will expire next month, so I need to renew it.
expiry	n.逾期	The expiry of the contract is scheduled for the end of the year.
explain	v. 解释，说明	Can you explain how this machine works?
explanation	n. 解释，说明	He gave a clear explanation for his decision.
explanatory	adj.说明的	The manual includes several explanatory diagrams.
explicit	a. 清楚的,明确的;毫不含蓄的	The teacher gave explicit instructions on how to finish the assignment.
explicitly	adv.清晰地	I explicitly told him not to touch my computer.
explode	v. (使)爆炸,爆发	The bomb was set to explode at midnight.
exploit	n. 英雄行为,辉煌功绩; vt. 开拓,开采;剥削;用以自肥	The company was accused of exploiting its workers.
exploitation	n.开发，利用	The exploitation of natural resources must be managed carefully.
exploration	n.考察；勘探；探查	Space exploration has led to many scientific discoveries.
explore	vt. 考察,勘察;探索	The children decided to explore the old house.
explorer	n.勘探者，探险家	Marco Polo was a famous explorer who traveled to China.
explosion	n. 爆炸，爆发	The explosion was heard several miles away.
explosive	a. 爆炸(性)的，爆发(性)的n. 爆炸物，炸药	Nitroglycerin is a highly explosive substance.
export	v. 出口,输出;n. 出口,出口企业,出口品	China exports a wide variety of goods to the rest of the world.
exportation	n.出口	The exportation of ivory is banned in most countries.
exporter	n.出口商	He works for a major exporter of electronic components.
expose	vt. 使暴露,揭发,使曝光	The journalist exposed the corruption within the government.
exposition	n.说明，解释；陈列	The exposition of the new policy was clear and detailed.
exposure	n. 暴露，揭露；方向；陈列；遗弃；照射量	The children suffered from exposure after being lost in the snow.
express	v. 表达，表示a. 特快的，快速的n. 快车，快运	She found it hard to express her gratitude in words.
expression	n. 表达；表情；声调；腔调；榨出；措词；式；符号	His facial expression showed that he was very surprised.
expressive	adj.有表现力的	The dancer's movements were very expressive and beautiful.
expressly	adj.明确表示的	The law expressly forbids smoking in public buildings.
expressway	n.高速公路	The new expressway connects the city to the airport.
exquisite	a. 优美的,精巧的	The diamond necklace was truly exquisite.
extend	v. 伸出,延长;给予;扩大	The deadline for the project has been extended by one week.
extension	n. 延长；扩大；范围；大小；尺寸；电话分机	I'm calling on extension 204.
extensive	a. 广大的，广阔的	The fire caused extensive damage to the building.
extensively	adv.广泛地	The topic has been discussed extensively in the media.
extent	n. 广度，宽度，长度；程度，限度	I agree with you to a certain extent.
exterior	a./n. 外部的,外来的,外表	The exterior of the house was painted white.
external	a. 外面的,外部的	The company is facing several external challenges.
extinct	a. 灭绝的;(火山)不再活跃的;(风俗)废弃的	Dinosaurs became extinct millions of years ago.
extinction	n.绝灭，熄灭	Many species are currently threatened with extinction.
extinguish	vt. 熄灭,扑灭;根除,消灭	The firefighters worked hard to extinguish the blaze.
extra	a./ad./n. 额外的(地),非常,另外,额外的人	Is there any extra food for guests?
extract	vt. 拔出,榨取;摘录;n. 抽出物,选录	The dentist had to extract two of my teeth.
extraction	n.抽出；提取法；摘要	The extraction of gold from the mine is a complex process.
extraordinary	a. 非常的；格外的；意外的；离奇的；临时的	The young scientist made an extraordinary discovery.
extravagance	n.奢侈，浪费	His extravagance led to serious financial problems.
extravagant	a. 奢侈的;过分的;放肆的	She has very extravagant tastes in jewelry.
extreme	adj. 极度的,极端的;尽头的,末端的 n. 极端,过分	Extreme weather conditions are becoming more common.
extremely	ad.极端，极其，非常	The project was extremely successful.
eye	n. 眼(睛)；视力；眼力；监督vt. 看，审视	He has a keen eye for detail.
eyeball	n.眼球	The human eyeball is a very complex organ.
eyebrow	n. 眉毛	She raised an eyebrow in surprise.
eyeglass	n.眼镜	He needs to wear eyeglasses for reading.
eyelid	n.眼睑	His eyelids felt heavy, and he soon fell asleep.
eyesight	n. 视力	Regular check-ups are important for maintaining good eyesight.
fable	n. 寓言	Aesop's fables are famous all over the world.
fabric	n. 织物;构造,结构	The fabric of the curtains was soft and colorful.
fabricate	v. 捏造，编造(谎言，借口等)；建造，制造	The suspect fabricated an alibi for the night of the crime.
fabrication	n.制作，构成；捏造	The story was a complete fabrication from start to finish.
face	n. 脸，面貌；表情；正面v. 面对着；朝，面向	He had a smile on his face when he heard the news.
facilitate	vt. 使便利	The new technology will facilitate better communication among staff.
facility	n. (pl.)设备,设施;灵巧,熟练	The hotel has excellent sports facilities, including a gym and a pool.
fact	n. 事实，实际	It is an established fact that smoking is harmful to your health.
faction	n.派别，宗派，小集团	There were several factions within the political party fighting for control.
factor	n. 因素,要素	Diet and exercise are major factors in maintaining a healthy weight.
factory	n. 工厂	He works in a car factory on the outskirts of the city.
fade	v. (使)褪色;逐渐消失	The colors of the old photograph had begun to fade.
Fahrenheit	n. 华氏温度计	The temperature today is 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
fail	v. 失败，不及格；衰退，减弱	He failed his driving test the first time he took it.
failure	n. 失败，不及格；失败者；故障，失灵；未能	The project was a complete failure due to lack of funding.
faint	a. 微弱的;不清楚的;n./vi. 昏晕	She felt faint from the heat and had to sit down.
fair	a. 公平的，合理的；相当的n. 集市，交易会	The judge's decision was fair and impartial.
fairly	ad. 公正地，正当地；相当，还算	The test was fairly easy, and most students finished it quickly.
fairy	a. 幻想中的；虚构的；优雅的n. 仙女；精灵	The little girl loved reading stories about fairies and magic.
faith	n. 信任,信仰	He has a lot of faith in his doctor's ability to help him.
faithful	a. 守信的，忠实的，如实的，可靠的	His dog is a faithful companion who follows him everywhere.
faithfully	adv.忠诚地	He promised to serve his country faithfully.
fake	n. 假货,骗子;vt. 伪造	The painting was found to be a fake, not an original Picasso.
fall	v. 跌倒；下降；减弱；坠落；变成，陷于n. 秋季	The leaves begin to fall from the trees in autumn.
FALSE	a. 谬误的，虚伪的，伪造的，假的	The witness gave a false statement to the police.
fame	n. 名声,名誉	The young actor achieved worldwide fame after his first movie.
familiarity	n.熟悉，相似	His familiarity with the city made it easy for him to find his way.
familiar	a. 熟悉的,通晓的,亲密的,常见的	The tune sounded familiar, but I couldn't remember where I'd heard it.
family	n. 家，家庭成员；氏族，家庭；族，科	She spent the weekend visiting her family in the country.
famine	n. 饥荒	The long drought led to a severe famine in the region.
famous	a. 著名的	The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous landmarks in the world.
fan	n. 扇子，风扇；(影，球等)迷v. 扇，扇动，激起	She used a fan to cool herself down in the heat.
fanatic	a./n. 狂热的,狂热者	He is a football fanatic who never misses a game.
fancy	a. 颜色鲜艳的;奇特的;n./v. 想象力,设想,爱好,认为	I fancy going out for dinner tonight.
fantastic	a. 极好的;极大的,难以相信的;奇异的;异想天开的	We had a fantastic time at the music festival.
far	a./ad. 远，久远，遥远ad. 到…程度，…得多	How far is the nearest train station from here?
fare	n. 车费,船费	The bus fare has increased by ten cents.
farewell	int./n./a. 再见;临别的,告别的	The retiring manager gave a farewell speech to his staff.
farm	n. 农场，饲养场v. 种田，经营农牧业	They live on a small organic farm in the countryside.
farmer	n. 农民，农场主	The farmer is busy harvesting the wheat crop.
farmhand	n.农工，农场工人	He worked as a farmhand during his summer break.
farmhouse	n.农舍	The old farmhouse was built over a hundred years ago.
farming	n.农业，种植业	Farming is the main industry in this part of the country.
farther	ad. 更远地，再往前地a. 更远的	We decided to walk a bit farther to see the lighthouse.
fascinate	vt. 使神魂颠倒,迷住	The history of ancient civilizations has always fascinated her.
fascination	n.入迷	He watched the magician's tricks with great fascination.
fascism	n.法西斯	Fascism is a far-right political ideology.
fascist	n.法西斯分子	The group was accused of promoting fascist ideas.
fashion	n. 流行式样(或货品)，风尚，风气；样子，方式	She works in the fashion industry in Milan.
fashionable	a. 流行的，时髦的	It is currently fashionable to wear oversized clothes.
fast	a. 快的，迅速的；坚固的ad. 紧紧地；迅速地	The express train is very fast.
fasten	v. 扎牢，使固定	Please fasten your seatbelt before the flight takes off.
fat	a. 多脂肪的，肥胖的；丰厚的n. 脂肪，肥肉	This milk is 100% fat-free.
fatal	a. 致命的;灾难性的;命中注定的	The car accident proved to be fatal for the driver.
fate	n. 命运	He felt that his fate was out of his hands.
father	n. 父亲；创始人，发明者；(Father)神父	He lives with his father and younger brother.
father-in-law	n.岳父；公公	Her father-in-law is a retired army officer.
fathom	v.领会，推测	I can't fathom why he would make such a strange decision.
fatigue	n./vt. 疲劳,(金属)疲劳,杂役	He was suffering from mental fatigue after the long exam.
fault	n. 缺点,毛病,过错,(地质)断层	It's not my fault that we're late; the bus was delayed.
faultless	a.无过失的；无缺点的	The pianist gave a faultless performance.
faulty	a. 有错误的，有缺点的，不完善的	The product was returned because it had a faulty electrical connection.
favor	n. 好感；喜爱；关切v. 赞成，支持，偏爱	Could you do me a favor and mail this letter?
favorable	a. 赞许的，有利的，讨人喜欢的	The initial reviews of the new movie were very favorable.
favorably	adv.有利地，顺利地	The committee viewed the proposal favorably.
favorite	n. 最喜欢的人或物a. 喜爱的	My favorite color is blue.
FBI	国际刑警	The FBI is investigating the case.
fear	n. 害怕，恐惧；危险vt. 畏惧，害怕，担心	She has a great fear of heights.
fearful	a. 可怕的，吓人的；害怕，担心，惊恐	He was fearful that he might lose his job.
fearless	a.无畏的，大胆的	The fearless firefighters entered the burning building.
feasibility	n.可行性	The government is conducting a feasibility study for the new airport.
feasible	a. 可行的,可信的	It is not feasible to finish the project by tomorrow.
feast	n./v. 筵席,宴请,使享受	The villagers prepared a huge feast to celebrate the harvest.
feat	n. 功绩，伟业，技艺	Climbing Mount Everest is a remarkable feat of endurance.
feather	n. 羽毛	The bird was covered in beautiful blue and green feathers.
feature	n./vt. 脸一部分,面貌,特征,特写,故事片;以…为特色	One of the key features of the new phone is its high-quality camera.
February	n. 二月	Valentine's Day is in February.
federal	a. 联邦的；联邦制的；联合的；同盟的	The US has a federal system of government.
federation	n. 联邦,同盟,联盟	The International Football Federation is known as FIFA.
fee	n. 费,报名费,会费	The tuition fee for the course is $500.
feeble	a. 虚弱的,无力的	The old man let out a feeble cry for help.
feed	v. (on，with)喂养，饲养；(with)向…供给	Don't forget to feed the dog!
feedback	n. 反馈	We welcome any feedback you have about our service.
feel	v. 触；认为vi. 摸上去有…感觉；摸索；觉得	I feel a bit cold; can you close the window?
feeling	n. 感情；心情；知觉；同情	She has a feeling that something is wrong.
fell	v. 击倒；打倒(疾病等)；砍伐a. 凶猛的；可怕的	The loggers felled several large trees in the forest.
fellow	n. 人，家伙；伙伴，同事a. 同样的，同事的	He is a very friendly fellow.
fellowship	n. 交情,团体,奖学金	She was awarded a research fellowship at the university.
female	n./a. 女性(的),[语	The female bird has less colorful feathers than the male.
feminine	a. 女性的；娇柔的	She has a very feminine style of dressing.
fence	n. 篱笆；围栏；剑术v. 用篱笆瓦围住；击剑	He painted the garden fence white.
ferocious	a. 凶猛的,凶残的	The lion is a ferocious predator.
ferrous	a.铁的；亚铁的	Iron and steel are ferrous metals.
ferry	n./v. 渡口,渡船,摆渡	We took the ferry across the river.
ferryboat	n.渡船	The ferryboat carries passengers and cars to the island.
fer fertile	a. 肥沃的;创造力丰富的;能结果实的	The valley has very fertile soil.
fertilizer	n. 肥料	The farmer used chemical fertilizer to improve the crop yield.
fervent	a. 热情的,热烈的	He is a fervent supporter of the environmental movement.
festival	n./a. 节日(的),表演会期(的)	The local film festival attracts filmmakers from all over the world.
fetch	v. (去)取,拿来;(货物)售的(价钱)	Can you fetch me a glass of water, please?
feud	n.纠纷，封地	The two families have been in a feud for decades.
feudal	a. 封建的；封地的；领地的	The feudal system was the dominant social structure in medieval Europe.
feudalism	n.封建主义	Feudalism was replaced by capitalism over time.
fever	n. 发热，狂热	She has a high fever and needs to rest.
few	a.有些，几个；[表否定	Few people attended the meeting due to the rain.
fiber	n. 纤维；构造；纤维制品	Cotton is a natural fiber used to make clothes.
fiction	n. 虚构，编造；小说	The story was a work of fiction, not based on real events.
fictional	adj.虚构的	The characters in the book are entirely fictional.
fiddle	n.提琴	He played a lively tune on his fiddle.
field	n. 田野；运动场；(电或磁)场；领域，范围	He is a leading expert in the field of medicine.
fierce	a. 凶猛的,凶狠的,愤怒的;强烈的	The two teams have a fierce rivalry.
fiery	adj.火的	She has a fiery temper and gets angry easily.
fifteen	num. 十五pron./a. 十五(个，只…)	There are fifteen students in the class.
fifth	num.第五 n.五分之一	This is the fifth time I've called him today.
fifty	num. 五十，五十个	My father is fifty years old.
fig	n.无花果	Dried figs make a healthy and delicious snack.
fight	v./n. 打(仗)，搏斗，斗争，战斗	The soldiers fought bravely to defend their country.
fighter	n.斗争者；战斗机	He was a fearless fighter who never gave up.
figurative	adj.比喻的，修饰的	The phrase 'a heart of gold' is a figurative expression.
figure	n. 体形；轮廓；数字；图形v. 描绘；计算；推测	The unemployment figures have dropped significantly this year.
file	n./vt. 锉,锉刀;文件夹;归档;纵列;成纵队前进	Please keep all the documents in this file.
filing	n.档案管理	The filing system in the office is very organized.
fill	v. (with)填满，充满	She filled the glass with water.
filling	n.充填物，馅	I like chocolate filling in my cakes.
film	n. 电影；胶片；薄膜，薄层vt. 把…拍成电影	We went to see a new film at the cinema last night.
filter	n. 滤器,滤光器;v. 滤过,透过	You should filter the water before drinking it.
filth	n. 污秽,淫猥	The house was full of filth and needed a good cleaning.
filthy	adj.污秽的	Don't touch the clean sofa with your filthy hands!
final	a. 最终的，决定性的n. 结局；决赛；期末考试	The final exam is scheduled for next Monday.
finalize	v.落实，定下来	We need to finalize the plans for the wedding.
finally	ad. 最后，最终；决定性地	After hours of waiting, the train finally arrived.
finance	n./vt. 财政,金融,资金	The government is struggling to manage its finances.
financial	a. 财政的，金融的	The company is facing serious financial difficulties.
financier	n.金融家	He is a wealthy financier who lives in New York.
financing	n.金融业，财政学	The project is still looking for reliable financing.
find	v. (found，found)找到；发现；发觉；感到	I can't find my keys anywhere.
finding	n. 发现，发现物；(常pl. )调查/研究结果	The survey's findings were very surprising.
fine	a. 晴朗的，美好的，细致的v./n. 罚金，罚款	The weather was fine and sunny all day.
finger	n. 手指；指状物；指针	She wore a beautiful gold ring on her finger.
finish	n. 完成；结束；磨光v. 完成；结束；用完；毁掉	I'll finish my homework before dinner.
finished	adj.制成的	The finished product was ready for shipping.
finite	a. 有限的,限定的	The Earth's resources are finite and must be used carefully.
fir	n.裘皮	The mountain side was covered in tall fir trees.
fire	n. 火；火灾，失火；炉火vi. 开火vt. 放(枪)	The firefighters worked hard to put out the fire.
fire-engine	n.消防车	A red fire-engine rushed past with its sirens blaring.
fireman	n. 消防队员	He wanted to be a fireman when he was a little boy.
fireplace	n. 壁炉	We sat by the fireplace to keep warm.
firework	n.爆竹，花炮，烟火	The sky was filled with colorful fireworks on New Year's Eve.
firm	a. 坚固的；坚决的，坚定的n. 公司，商号	He gave me a firm handshake.
firmly	adv.坚定地，坚固地	She firmly believes that everyone should be treated fairly.
firmness	n.坚固，坚定，稳固	The coach is known for his firmness and discipline.
first	a./ad. 第一；最初；首次n. 开始pron. 第一名	January is the first month of the year.
first-rate	a.第一流的，优秀的	The hotel offers first-rate service to all its guests.
fish	n. 鱼；鱼肉v. 捕鱼；钓鱼	We went to the lake to fish for trout.
fisherman	n. 渔夫，捕鱼人	The old fisherman spent the whole day at sea.
fishery	n.渔业	Fisheries are an important part of the local economy.
fission	n.裂开；分裂生殖	Nuclear fission is used to generate large amounts of energy.
fist	n. 拳头	He clenched his fists in anger.
fit	a. (病的)发作，痉挛v./a. n. 合适，试穿，安装	These shoes don't fit me very well.
fitness	n.适当，恰当；健康	Regular exercise is important for physical fitness.
fitting	a. 适合的,恰当的;n. 试衣;建筑物中的装置	It was a fitting end to a wonderful day.
five	num. 五pron./a. 五(个，只…)	There are five people in my family.
fix	v. (使)固定；修理；安装；决定；注视n. 困境	Can you fix my broken watch?
fixed	adj.固定的，已确定的	The price of the tickets is fixed and cannot be negotiated.
fixture	n. 固定装置;体育项目;长期与某地(或某活动)相联系的人(或物)	The bathroom fixtures are all new.
flag	n. 旗	The national flag was flying at half-mast.
flake	n./vi. 薄片;撒落	Snow flakes began to fall from the sky.
flame	n./vi. 火焰,火舌	The flames of the fire could be seen from miles away.
flank	n./vi. 胁,侧翼;包抄…的侧翼	The soldiers moved to the enemy's left flank.
flannel	n.法兰绒；法兰绒衣服	He wore a soft flannel shirt on the cold morning.
flap	n./v. 拍打,挥动;垂下物;袋盖;慌乱	The bird began to flap its wings.
flare	vi./n. 熊熊燃烧,突然燃烧,火光;v./n. (衣裙等)张开	The signal flare lit up the night sky.
flash	n./v. 闪光,闪现;简讯;浮华	A bright flash of lightning lit up the room.
flask	n. 细颈瓶,扁形酒瓶	He filled his flask with hot tea before heading out.
flat	a. 平坦的，扁平的，平淡的n. 一套房间；平面	The Earth is not flat; it's a sphere.
flatten	vt.把…弄平；击倒	The strong winds flattened the wheat in the fields.
flatter	vt. 阿谀,使高兴;(肖像等)胜过(真人真物)	I was flattered by your kind words.
flavor	n. 情味；风味；滋味v. 给…调味	I love the flavor of fresh strawberries.
flaw	n. 瑕疵,缺点	There is a small flaw in the design of the new car.
flee	v. 逃走；逃避	Many people were forced to flee their homes during the war.
fleece	n.羊毛	The sheep has a thick white fleece.
fleet	n. 舰队，船队	The fishing fleet returned to the harbor with a large catch.
flesh	n. 肉,肉体,果肉	The flesh of the peach was sweet and juicy.
fleshy	adj.肉的	The plant has thick, fleshy leaves.
flexibility	n.柔韧，灵活性	Yoga can help to improve your flexibility.
flexible	a. 易弯曲的,柔软的;灵活的	Our schedule is flexible, so we can change it if needed.
flicker	vi./n. 闪烁,摇曳,闪现	The candle flame began to flicker in the breeze.
flight	n. 飞翔，飞行；航班；航程；逃跑；楼梯的一段	The flight to London takes about seven hours.
fling	v./n. 掷,抛;猛烈地移动;投入	He flung the ball across the yard.
float	n. 浮子,浮标;(游行中的)彩车; v. 漂浮,筹资开办,使(币值)浮动	Wood will float on water.
flock	n. (鸟兽)群,一群人,群集	A flock of birds flew overhead.
flood	n. 洪水，水灾v. 淹没，发大水，泛滥	The heavy rain caused severe floods in the valley.
floor	n. 地板，(楼房)的层	I dropped my keys on the floor.
flour	n. 面粉	Flour is used to make bread and cakes.
flourish	v./n. 繁荣;挥舞;茂盛	The arts and sciences flourished during the Renaissance.
flow	v. 流，流动n. 流量，流速	The river flows through the center of the city.
flower	n. 花；精华，精粹，精英；盛时vi. 开花	The garden is full of beautiful spring flowers.
flu	n. 流感	He missed a week of school because of the flu.
fluctuate	vi. (物价)涨落,起落,波动	The price of gold fluctuates daily.
fluctuation	n.波动；脉动；踌躇	Investors are worried about the constant fluctuations in the stock market.
fluency	n.流利，流畅	She achieved a high level of fluency in Spanish.
fluent	a. 说话流利的,(演说等)流畅的	He is fluent in several different languages.
fluid	a. 流动的,不固定的 n. 流体	The situation is still very fluid and could change at any time.
flush	n. 脸红v. 发红；奔流a. 洋溢的；富裕的；齐平的	His face flushed with embarrassment.
flute	n.长笛，笛子	She has been playing the flute since she was ten years old.
flutter	v./n. 振翼;颤动,(心脏)不规则跳动	The butterfly's wings began to flutter.
flux	n. 流,流动;不断的变化	The industry is in a state of flux at the moment.
fly	n. 飞行；苍蝇v飞行；飘杨a. 机敏的	Birds and airplanes can both fly.
foam	n./v. 泡沫,起泡沫	The sea was covered in white foam.
fob	(缩)离岸价	The price quoted was $500 FOB Shanghai.
focus	n./v. 焦点,集中;(兴趣活动等的)中心;聚集	We need to focus on our goals if we want to succeed.
fodder	n.饲料	The farmer is harvesting hay to use as cattle fodder.
foe	n.敌人，宿敌	They were once friends, but now they are bitter foes.
fog	n. 雾气，雾v. 以雾笼罩，被雾笼罩	The fog was so thick that we couldn't see the road.
foggy	adj.有雾的，雾蒙蒙的	It was a cold and foggy morning in London.
fold	v. 折叠；合拢；抱住n. 褶，褶痕；羊栏；信徒	She folded the letter and put it in her pocket.
foliage	n.叶子(总称)	The forest was filled with lush green foliage.
folk	n. 人们；民族；亲属a. 民间的	I love listening to traditional folk music.
follow	v. 跟随，接着；领会；沿着…前进，遵循；结果是	Please follow me to the meeting room.
follower	n.契据的附面；从动件	The politician has a large number of followers on social media.
following	a. 下列的，下述的，其次的，接着的	The following day, we decided to visit the museum.
follow-up	n. &adj.后续(的)	We are planning a follow-up meeting for next week.
fond	a. (of)喜爱的，爱好的	She is very fond of her young niece.
food	n. 食物，粮食，养料	Everyone needs food and water to survive.
foodstuff	n.食品	The country imports a large amount of essential foodstuffs.
fool	n. 傻子，笨蛋vt. 欺骗，愚弄vi. 干蠢事	Don't be a fool; think before you act.
foolish	a. 愚笨的，愚蠢的	It was a foolish mistake to make.
foot	n. 脚，足；英尺；底部	I walked all the way home on foot.
football	n. 足球	We played a game of football in the park.
footing	n.立足点，立场	The company is on a very firm financial footing.
footstep	n. 脚步(声)，足迹	I heard footsteps coming down the hall.
for	prep. 为了；给；代替；向；支持conj. 因为	I bought this gift for my mother.
forbid	v. 禁止，不许	The law forbids smoking in public places.
forbidden	adj.禁止的	Smoking is strictly forbidden inside the building.
force	n. 力量，力；势力；(pl.)(总称)军队v. 强迫	The wind was blowing with great force.
fore	ad. 在前面a. 先前的；在前部的n. 前部	The ship's crew stood at the fore.
forecast	vt./n. 预报,预测	The weather forecast for tomorrow is sunny.
forefather	n.祖先，先辈	He honored his forefathers by following their traditions.
forefinger	n.食指	She pointed to the map with her forefinger.
foregoing	adj.先行的，上述的	The foregoing statement was based on careful research.
forehead	n. 前额；(任何事物的)前部	He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
foreign	a. 外国的，(to)无关的；外来的；异质的	He speaks three foreign languages fluently.
foreigner	n. 外国人	The city attracts many foreigners every year.
foreman	n.领班	The foreman is responsible for supervising the factory workers.
foremost	a./ad. 最重要的(地),第一流的(地)	He is one of the foremost experts in his field.
foresee	vt. 预见,预知	Nobody could have foreseen the disaster.
forest	n. 森林	The forest is home to many different species of animals.
forestry	n.林业	Forestry is a major industry in this part of the country.
foretell	v.预告，预言	The ancient scrolls were said to foretell the future.
forever	adv. 永远；总是	I will love you forever.
forge	n. 锻工车间,铁匠店;vt. 锻造,经锻炼而形成;伪造	He was accused of trying to forge a check.
forgery	n.锻炉，锻造厂	The painting was found to be a clever forgery.
forget	v. 忘记，遗忘	Don't forget to lock the door when you leave.
forgive	v. 原谅,宽恕	She found it hard to forgive him for what he had done.
fork	n. 叉，耙；叉形物；餐叉	We used a fork and knife to eat our dinner.
form	n. 形状，形式；表格v. 组成，构成；形成	Please fill out this application form.
formal	a. 正式的；形式的	The wedding was a very formal occasion.
formality	n.礼节，正式	There are several formalities that need to be completed before you can start the job.
format	n. 格式,版式,形式,方式	The book is available in several different formats.
formation	n. 形成；构成；组织；构造；编制；塑造	The formation of the mountains took millions of years.
former	a. 以前的，在前的pron. 前者	The former president attended the opening ceremony.
formerly	ad.以前，从前	He was formerly a high school teacher.
formidable	a. 可怕的,难以对付的	The team faced a formidable opponent in the final.
formula	n. 公式；规则；分子式；药方	Scientists are working on a new formula for the drug.
formulate	vt. 精确地表达;制定;用公式表示	The government is trying to formulate a new economic policy.
formulation	n.明确的表达	The formulation of the theory took several years.
forsake	vt.遗弃，抛弃，摒绝	He decided to forsake his old life and start anew.
fort	n. 堡垒,要塞	The ancient fort was built to protect the harbor.
forth	ad. 向前；向外，往外	They set forth on their journey at dawn.
forthcoming	a. 即将出现的;现有的;乐于提供帮助的	We are waiting for the forthcoming announcement.
fortitude	n.坚毅	She showed great fortitude in the face of adversity.
fortnight	n. 两星期	We are going on holiday for a fortnight.
fortress	n.堡垒，要塞	The city was once a powerful fortress.
fortuity	n.偶然事件	The discovery was a lucky fortuity.
fortunate	a. 幸运的，侥幸的	I am very fortunate to have such wonderful friends.
fortunately	ad.幸运地，幸亏	Fortunately, nobody was hurt in the accident.
fortune	n. 运气；命运；财产；财富	She made a fortune in the real estate market.
forty	num./a. 四十pron. 四十(个，只…)	My mother is forty years old.
forum	n. 论坛	The conference provided a forum for discussion among experts.
forward	ad. (also: forwards)向前a. 向前的v. 转交	Please forward my mail to my new address.
fossil	n. 化石	The museum has a large collection of dinosaur fossils.
foster	vt. 养育；收养；怀抱；鼓励a. 收养的n. 养育者	The government is trying to foster economic growth.
foul	a. 恶臭的;邪恶的;暴风雨的;n. (体育)犯规;v. 弄脏,玷污;(使)缠结,犯规	The air was filled with a foul smell.
found	vt. 建立；创立；创办；使有根据；铸造；熔制	The University was founded in 1850.
foundation	n. 基础，根本，建立，创立；地基，基金，基金会	The rumor has no foundation in fact.
founder	n.创办人，奠基人	He is the founder of a successful tech company.
fountain	n. 泉水,喷泉,源泉	The kids were playing in the fountain in the square.
four	num. 四pron./a. 四(个，只…)	There are four seasons in a year.
fourteen	num. 十四，十四个	She is fourteen years old.
fourth	num.第四，四分之一	This is the fourth time I've tried to call him.
fowl	n.家禽；禽肉	Ducks and chickens are examples of domestic fowl.
fox	n. 狐狸	The fox is known for its cunning behavior.
fraction	n. 碎片,片断;分数	One-third is a common fraction.
fractional	adj.零碎的，不足的	The difference between the two results was only fractional.
fracture	n./v. 断裂,骨折	He suffered a fracture of his left arm in the accident.
fragile	a. 易碎的，脆的，易损坏的；虚弱的，脆弱的	The antique vase is very fragile, so handle it with care.
fragment	n. 碎片,片断;vi. 裂成碎片	The archaeologists found several fragments of ancient pottery.
fragrance	n. 香味,香气	The fragrance of the flowers filled the room.
fragrant	a. 香的；芬芳的	The garden is full of fragrant roses.
frail	a. 虚弱的,脆弱的	The old lady was very frail and needed help walking.
frame	n. 框架；体格；骨架；组织；机构v. 设计；制定	The picture was in a beautiful gold frame.
framework	n. 构架,框架	The project needs a clear conceptual framework.
France	n.法国，法兰西	Paris is the capital of France.
franchise	n.特许权	The company decided to sell its franchise to a local businessman.
frank	a. 坦白的，直率的	To be frank with you, I don't like your new haircut.
frankly	adv.坦率地	Frankly, I think you're making a big mistake.
free	a. 自由的；免费的；免税的；空闲的vt. 释放	Is the water here free of charge?
freedom	n. 自由，自主，免除，特权	Everyone has the right to freedom of speech.
freely	ad.自由地；直率地	You can speak freely here; nobody will judge you.
freeze	v. 使结冰，使凝固	The water in the lake froze during the winter.
freezer	n.冷冻箱	Please put the ice cream in the freezer.
freight	n. 货运,货物;vt. 运输	The goods were shipped by sea freight.
French	a.法国的 n.法国人	She is studying French literature at university.
Frenchman	n.法国人	The Frenchman spoke with a beautiful accent.
frequency	n. 频率，周率	The frequency of the radio waves was very high.
frequent	a. 时常发生的，频繁的v. 常到, 时常出入于, 常去	He is a frequent visitor to the library.
frequently	ad.时常，常常	We visit our grandparents quite frequently.
fresh	a. 新鲜的，无经验的	The bakery sells fresh bread every morning.
freshen	vt.使显得新鲜	He went to the bathroom to freshen up.
freshman	n.新人，新生	The freshmen were excited about their first day at college.
fret	v./n. 烦恼,侵蚀	Don't fret about the exam; you've studied hard.
friction	n. 摩擦力;摩擦;不和,倾轧	Friction between the two countries led to a major conflict.
Friday	n. 星期五	We are going to the cinema on Friday.
friend	n. 朋友	She is my best friend.
friendly	a. 友好的，友谊的	The local people were very friendly and welcoming.
friendship	n. 友谊，友好	Our friendship has lasted for over twenty years.
fright	n. 恐怖	She gave me a real fright when she jumped out from behind the door.
frighten	v. 使惊恐	The loud noise frightened the little boy.
frightening	adj.令人害怕的	It was a frightening experience that I'll never forget.
frightful	a.可怕的；讨厌的	The weather was absolutely frightful all weekend.
fringe	n. 边缘；(窗帘)缘饰；额前垂发vt. 饰…的边	He lived on the fringe of the city.
frock	n.(女)上衣，罩衫	The little girl wore a pretty pink frock.
frog	n. 蛙	We saw a green frog sitting on a lily pad.
from	prep. 从，自从；由于；离；根据，按；去除	I received a letter from my brother.
front	a. 前面的，前部的n. 正面；前线，战线v. 面对	He parked his car in front of the house.
frontier	n. 国界;尖端;新领域	The explorers set off to reach the new frontier.
frost	n. 严寒,霜;v. 结霜;使(玻璃)具有光泽的表面;在(糕饼上)撒糖粒	There was a heavy frost on the ground this morning.
frosty	adj.霜的	The morning air was cold and frosty.
frown	vi./n. 皱眉,不赞成	The teacher frowned when she saw the messy classroom.
frugal	a. 俭朴的,花钱少的	They live a very frugal life and save as much as they can.
fruit	n. 水果，果实；成果，效果	Fresh fruit is an important part of a healthy diet.
fruitful	a. 多产的；果实累累的，富有成效的	The meeting was very fruitful, and we reached several agreements.
frustrate	vt. 使灰心;挫败,阻挠	The constant delays began to frustrate the workers.
frustration	n.挫折，灰心	He let out a cry of frustration when his computer crashed again.
fry	v. 油煎,油炒	We decided to fry some eggs for breakfast.
frying-pan	n.煎锅	I need a large frying-pan to make the omelet.
fuck	浑蛋，辱?	He was a fool to believe that.
fuel	n. 燃料vt. 给…加燃料	The car is running low on fuel.
fulfil	vt. 完成,履行	He worked hard to fulfil his lifelong dream of becoming a doctor.
fulfillment	n.完成，成就	The project reached its fulfillment after years of hard work.
full	a. (of)满的，充满的a./ad. 完全，充分	The room was full of people.
fully	adv.完全，彻底	I fully support your decision.
fumble	v.摸索	He fumbled in his pocket for his keys.
fun	n. 玩笑，娱乐；有趣的人(或事物)	We had a lot of fun at the party.
function	n. 职责,作用,正式社会集会 vi. 起作用,运行	The main function of the liver is to filter the blood.
functional	adj.功能的	The new software is highly functional and easy to use.
fund	n. 资金，基金；存款，现款；(知识等的)累积	The government is launching a new fund to help small businesses.
fundamental	a. 基础的;十分重要的;n. 基本原则	Freedom of speech is a fundamental human right.
funeral	n. 丧葬,葬礼	The whole town attended the famous actor's funeral.
funny	a. 滑稽的，可笑的	He told a very funny joke that had everyone laughing.
fur	n. 毛，毛皮	The cat has soft, thick fur.
furious	a. 狂怒的	She was furious when she realized she had been lied to.
furnace	n. 炉子,熔炉	The steel is melted in a large furnace.
furnish	vt. 用家具装备房子;供应	They decided to furnish their new house with modern furniture.
furniture	n. 家具	The room was filled with antique furniture.
furrow	n.犁沟	The old man had deep furrows on his forehead.
further	ad./a. 更远，更往前；进一步v. 促进，增进	We need to discuss this matter further.
furthermore	ad. 而且，此外	Furthermore, the project is already behind schedule.
fury	n.狂怒，暴怒；猛烈	The storm broke with great fury.
fuse	n. 导火线,信管,引信,保险丝;v. 熔,熔化,烧断电路	The lights went out because a fuse had blown.
fuss	n. 大惊,小怪;v. 忙乱,使烦躁	Don't make a fuss; it was just a small mistake.
fussy	adj.爱大惊小怪的	She is a very fussy eater and only likes a few things.
future	n. 将来，未来；前途，前景a. 将来的，未来的	We must plan carefully for the future.
futures	n.期货	He made a lot of money trading oil futures.
gain	v. 获得；增加；表等走快n. 增进，增加；收益	What do you hope to gain from this experience?
gale	n. 大风;一阵喧闹	A strong gale blew down several trees last night.
gallery	n. 画廊,美术品陈列室,剧场顶层	We spent the afternoon visiting the art gallery.
gallon	n. 加仑	The car's fuel tank holds fifteen gallons.
gallop	v./n. 奔驰，飞奔	The horse began to gallop across the field.
gamble	v./n. 赌博;投机	It's a gamble to invest all your money in one company.
gambler	n.赌徒	He was a compulsive gambler who lost everything.
game	n. 游戏，娱乐；比赛；(pl.)运动会vi. 赌博	Let's play a game of chess.
gang	n. 一组,一队,(罪犯等)一帮,一群	A gang of thieves was caught by the police.
gangster	n.匪徒，歹徒，暴徒	Al Capone was a famous American gangster.
gaol	n.监狱	He was sent to gaol for ten years.
gap	n. 缺口；差距；空白；缺乏	There is a wide gap between the rich and the poor.
garage	n. 车库，飞机库；修车厂	I need to take my car to the garage for repairs.
garbage	n. 垃圾,污物	Please take the garbage out to the bin.
garden	n. (菜，花)园；公园	My grandmother has a beautiful flower garden.
gardener	n.园丁，花匠	The gardener is busy pruning the roses.
gardening	n.园艺	Gardening is a very relaxing hobby.
garlic	n. 蒜，大蒜粉	Add some chopped garlic to the sauce for extra flavor.
garment	n. (一件)衣服(长袍、外套)	The museum has a collection of ancient ceremonial garments.
garrison	n.要塞，警备队	The garrison was stationed at the border to prevent attacks.
gas	n. 气体；煤气；汽油；毒气vt. 毒(死)；加油	Natural gas is a common source of energy for heating.
gasoline	n. [美	The price of gasoline has dropped slightly this week.
gasp	n./v. 喘气,气喘吁吁地说	She let out a gasp of surprise when she saw the gift.
gate	n. 大门；入口；观众人数，门票收入	Please close the garden gate when you leave.
gather	v. 聚集，聚拢；推测，推断	A crowd began to gather in front of the palace.
gathering	n.集会，聚会，聚集	The family has a regular gathering every Christmas.
gauge	n. 标准尺寸,(铁道)轨矩;(雨量)器;(电线)直径;vt. 测量;估计;评价(人物)	The device is used to gauge the pressure of the gas.
gay	a. 快乐的，愉快的，色彩鲜艳的n. 同性恋	San Francisco is known for its vibrant gay community.
gaze	v./n. 凝视，注视	She stood on the balcony and gazed at the stars.
gear	a. 齿轮的;轮的、杠杆等装置的;设备的;用具的;v. (使)相适合	Don't forget to pack your hiking gear.
gem	n.宝石	The ring was set with a beautiful red gem.
general	a. 一般的，普通的；总的，大体的n. 将军	The general led his troops to victory.
generalization	n.一般化；概括，综合	It is dangerous to make broad generalizations about people.
generalize	v. 概括,归纳	It is dangerous to generalize about an entire culture based on a few individuals.
generally	ad.一般地；通常地	Generally speaking, the weather in this region is quite mild.
generate	vt. 使产生;引起,导致	The new wind farm will generate enough electricity for thousands of homes.
generation	n. 产生，发生；一代(人)	The younger generation is much more comfortable with new technology.
generator	n. 发电机，发生器	We used a portable generator to provide power during the blackout.
generosity	n.慷慨，宽宏大量	The hospital was built thanks to the generosity of a local businessman.
generous	a. 慷慨的;丰盛的;厚的,宽宏大量的;大量的,丰富的	He gave a generous donation to the earthquake relief fund.
genius	n. 天才,天才人物;才华	Einstein was a mathematical genius who changed our view of the universe.
gentle	a. 文雅的,有礼貌的	He was a gentle man who never raised his voice.
gentleman	n. 绅士，先生	He is a true gentleman and always treats others with respect.
gently	ad. 文雅地，有礼貌地；轻轻地	She gently closed the door so as not to wake the baby.
genuine	a. 真正的,名副其实的;真诚的	The ring is made of genuine gold and diamonds.
geography	n. 地理(学)	She is studying the geography of South America.
geology	n. 地质学,地质	Geology helps us understand the history and structure of the Earth.
geometry	n. 几何学	The architect used complex geometry to design the building's roof.
germ	n. 微生物,细菌,病菌;(某事的)发端,萌芽	Always wash your hands to prevent the spread of germs.
German	a.德国的 n.德国人	She is learning how to speak German for her trip to Berlin.
Germany	n.德意志，德国	Germany is known for its high-quality engineering and cars.
gesture	n./vi. 姿势,手势,表示	He made a friendly gesture by waving his hand.
get	v. 获得，得到；使，使得；变得，成为；到达	I need to get some groceries on my way home.
get-together	n.集会，聚会	We are having a small get-together for my birthday on Saturday.
ghost	n. 鬼魂，幽灵	Do you believe in ghosts?
giant	n. 巨人a. 巨大的	The company is a global giant in the telecommunications industry.
gift	n. 礼品，赠品；天赋，才能	She received many beautiful gifts for her wedding.
gigantic	a. 巨大的,庞大的	The gigantic waves crashed against the shore.
giggle	v./n. 咯咯地笑,傻笑	The little girls couldn't stop giggling during the movie.
ginger	n.姜，生姜	Ginger adds a spicy kick to many Asian dishes.
girl	n. 少女，姑娘，女孩；女职员	The little girl was playing with her dolls in the park.
giver	v.给予，付出n.让步	He is a natural giver and always helps those in need.
glad	a. 高兴的，快活的；乐意的，情愿的	I'm so glad that you were able to join us tonight.
glance	v. (at，over)扫视n. 匆匆看，一瞥，一眼	He took a quick glance at his watch and realized he was late.
glare	n./v. 眩目地照射,闪耀;瞪视	She gave him a sharp glare after he made the rude comment.
glass	n. 玻璃；玻璃杯；镜子；(pl.)眼镜	Be careful not to break the glass.
glassware	n.玻璃制品	The museum has a collection of ancient Roman glassware.
gleam	n./vi. 微光,闪光,短暂而微弱的闪现	A gleam of hope appeared in her eyes.
glide	vi./n. 滑动,滑翔	The swan glided gracefully across the smooth surface of the lake.
glimpse	n./vt. 一瞥,匆匆一看	I caught a glimpse of the celebrity as she entered the building.
glisten	v.闪光	The snow glistened in the morning sunlight.
glitter	vi./n. 闪闪发光,闪光	The diamond necklace glittered under the bright lights.
global	a. 全世界的,全球的;综合的	Climate change is a global problem that requires international cooperation.
globalization	n.全球化	Globalization has increased the interdependence of world economies.
globalize	v.使全球化	Many companies are trying to globalize their brands.
globe	n. 球体，地球仪；地球，世界	He has traveled to almost every corner of the globe.
gloom	n.黑暗，忧郁	The news of the loss cast a gloom over the entire office.
gloomy	a. 黑暗的;郁闷的	The weather was gloomy and rainy all week.
glorious	a. 辉煌的,壮丽的,光荣的	We had a glorious view of the mountains from our hotel room.
glorify	vt.赞美(上帝)；颂扬	The temple was built to glorify the ancient king.
glory	n. 光荣，荣誉	He spent his life seeking fame and glory.
glossary	n. 词汇表,术语汇编	The book includes a glossary of technical terms at the back.
glove	n. 手套	Don't forget to wear your gloves; it's very cold outside.
glow	vi. 发出光和热;脸发红发热;n. 光辉	The embers in the fireplace continued to glow for hours.
glue	n. 胶,胶水;vt. 粘贴,紧贴	Use some glue to fix the broken pieces of the vase.
glut	n.供过于求v.狼吞虎咽	The market has a glut of apples this season.
gnaw	vt.啃，咬断vi.啮	The mouse began to gnaw a hole in the box.
GNP	n.(缩)国民总收入	The country's GNP has grown by 3% this year.
go	v. 去，离开；走；放置；变成；运转n. 围棋	I need to go to the bank before it closes.
goal	n. (足球)球门,得分,目标	His goal is to become a professional athlete.
goat	n. 山羊	The farmer keeps a small herd of goats.
god	n. 上帝(小写god泛指所有的“神，神像”)	In many cultures, people pray to a god for guidance.
goddess	n.女神；绝世美女	Venus was the Roman goddess of love and beauty.
gold	n. 金，黄金；金币；金黄色a. 金的，金制的	The winner was awarded a gold medal.
golden	a. 金黄色的；贵重的，极好的	The autumn leaves turned a beautiful golden color.
golf	n. 高尔夫球	He spends most of his weekends playing golf.
good	a. 好的；善良的；擅长的；乖的n. 好处；利益	The food at the restaurant was very good.
good-bye	int.再见	She waved good-bye as the train pulled away from the station.
good-looking	adj.好看的	He is a very good-looking and talented actor.
goodness	n. 善良，仁慈；(食物等)精华int. 天哪	Thank goodness you arrived safely.
goods	n. (pl.)货物，商品	The store sells a wide variety of electrical goods.
goodwill	n.商誉	The company has built up a lot of goodwill over the years.
goose	n. 鹅，雌鹅，鹅肉	A flock of geese flew overhead in a V-formation.
gorge	n.咽喉，峡谷，山口	The river flows through a deep rocky gorge.
gorgeous	a. 令人十分愉快的,极好的;华丽的,灿烂的,绚丽的	She looked absolutely gorgeous in her wedding dress.
gorilla	n.大猩猩；暴徒，打手	The gorilla is a powerful and intelligent primate.
gossip	n. 流言蜚语;爱传流言的人;vi. 闲聊,传播流言蜚语	Don't believe everything you hear; it's just idle gossip.
govern	v. 统治，管理；决定，支配	The country is governed by a coalition of three parties.
government	n. 政府，内阁；管理，支配；政治，政体	The government announced a new plan to reduce inflation.
governess	n.女家庭教师	She worked as a governess for a wealthy family in London.
governor	n. 统治者，管理者，总督，州(省)长	The governor signed the new bill into law.
gown	n. 长袍,长外衣	The bride wore a beautiful white silk gown.
grab	v./n. 攫取,抓取,掠夺	He tried to grab my bag and run away.
grace	n. 优美，文雅；恩惠，恩泽；宽限，缓刑；感恩祷告	She danced with effortless grace and elegance.
graceful	a. 优美的，文雅的，大方的	The deer's movements were very graceful.
gracious	a. 亲切的,和善的;优美的,奢华的	The host was very gracious and made everyone feel welcome.
grade	n. 等级，级别；年级；分数v. 分等，分级	She got a high grade on her final exam.
gradual	a. 逐渐的,不陡的	There has been a gradual improvement in the patient's condition.
gradually	ad.逐渐地，逐步地	The weather gradually became warmer as spring approached.
graduate	n. 大学毕业生，研究生a. 毕了业的v. 大学毕业	He graduated from Harvard University last year.
graduation	n.毕业	The graduation ceremony will take place in the main hall.
grain	n. 谷物，谷类；颗粒，细粒	Wheat is a major grain crop in this part of the country.
gram	n. 克	One gram is a very small unit of weight.
grammar	n. 语法，语法书	She is studying English grammar and vocabulary.
grammatical	a.语法上的	There were several grammatical errors in his essay.
gramophone	n.留声机	The old gramophone still plays records perfectly.
grand	a. 最重大的,豪华的;傲慢的;美妙的;全部的	The hotel has a grand staircase in the lobby.
grandchild	n.(外)孙儿、女	They have six grandchildren, four boys and two girls.
granddaughter	n.孙女，外孙女	Her granddaughter is a talented young artist.
grandfather	n.祖父；外祖父	My grandfather told us many stories about his childhood.
grandmother	n. 祖母，外祖母	Her grandmother is ninety years old and still very active.
grandparent	n.(外)祖父(母)	He spent the summer with his grandparents in the country.
grandson	n.孙子，外孙子	They are very proud of their young grandson's achievements.
granite	a.花岗岩，花岗石	The statue was carved from a single block of granite.
grant	vt. 同意给予;同意或承认某事属实;n. 拨款,补助款	The government granted him a research scholarship.
grape	n. 葡萄	I like to have a bunch of grapes with my lunch.
graph	n. 图表，曲线图	The graph shows the increase in sales over the past year.
grasp	v./n. 抓住，抓紧；掌握，领会	He managed to grasp the rope just before he fell.
grass	n. 草，草地	The children were playing on the green grass.
grasshopper	n.蚱蜢，蝗虫，蚂蚱	We saw a green grasshopper jumping in the field.
grateful	a. (to，for)感激的；感谢的	I am very grateful for all your help and support.
gratify	v.使满足，使高兴	He was gratified by the success of his new book.
gratifying	adj.可喜的	It was very gratifying to see the project finished on time.
gratis	adj.免费的	The samples are provided gratis to all visitors.
gratitude	n. 感激,感恩	She expressed her deep gratitude to the rescue workers.
grave	a. 严重的;严肃的,庄重的;n. 墓	The doctor had a grave expression on his face as he spoke.
gravel	n. 沙砾,碎石	The path was covered in small grey gravel.
gravity	n. 重力，引力；严肃，庄重	The law of gravity explains why objects fall to the ground.
graze	v. (牲畜)吃草,放牧;擦过;n. 擦,擦伤	The cattle were grazing in the lush green field.
grease	n. 动物脂肪,油脂状物;vt. 涂油脂于	The machine needs some grease to run smoothly.
great	a. 伟大的；重要的；大量的；很好的；美好的	She has a great passion for classical music.
greatly	ad.大大地，非常	The situation has improved greatly over the past month.
greatness	n.伟大，大	The leader's greatness was recognized by everyone in the country.
Greece	n.希腊	Athens is the capital city of Greece.
greed	n.贪心，贪婪	The businessman's greed eventually led to his downfall.
greedy	a. 贪吃的,贪婪的	Don't be so greedy; leave some cake for the others.
Greek	a.希腊的 n.希腊人	I love Greek food, especially salads and olives.
green	a. 绿色的；生的；未成熟的n. 绿色；蔬菜；植物	The hills were covered in fresh green grass.
greengrocer	n.蔬菜商	I bought some fresh carrots and peas at the greengrocer.
greenhouse	n. 温室	The farmer grows tomatoes in a large greenhouse.
greet	v. 致敬，敬意，迎接；扑(鼻)，入(耳)，触(目)	The host stood at the door to greet the guests.
greeting	n. 问候，致敬	She received a warm greeting from her old friends.
grey	a.灰色的 n.灰色	The sky was a dull shade of grey all day.
grief	n. 悲伤，悲痛；悲伤的事，悲痛的缘由	She was overcome with grief after her husband's death.
grieve	v. (使)悲痛,(使)伤心	The whole community is grieving the loss of the young boy.
grim	a. 严酷的;讨厌的;严厉的	The future looked grim for the struggling company.
grin	v./n. 露齿而笑,咧嘴一笑	He had a broad grin on his face when he heard the news.
grind	vt. 磨,磨碎,碾碎;(down)折磨,压迫 vi. 摩擦得吱吱作响 n. 苦差事,苦活儿	You need to grind the coffee beans before making the coffee.
grip	v./n. 紧握,抓紧,握力;柄;吸引	He had a firm grip on the handle of the suitcase.
groan	v./n. 呻吟,呻吟着表示;承受重压发出的声音	He let out a loud groan when he saw how much work he had to do.
grocer	n. 食品商，杂货商	I need to go to the grocer to buy some milk and bread.
grocery	n.食品杂货店	She bought all her groceries for the week on Monday morning.
groove	n.槽vt.开槽于	The wood has a deep groove carved into it.
grope	v. 暗中摸索	He had to grope his way through the dark hallway.
gross	a. 粗俗的;显著的;(草木)茂密的;(人)过胖的; 总的;毛的;vt. 计得(毛收入)	The company's gross profit was much higher than expected.
ground	n. 地，地面，土地；场地，场所；理由，根据	We sat on the ground and had a picnic in the park.
groundless	adj.无根据的	The rumors turned out to be completely groundless.
group	n. 群，组v. 分组	A group of students was waiting outside the classroom.
grove	n.林子，小树林，园林	The house was surrounded by a beautiful orange grove.
grow	v. 生长，成长；渐渐变成；栽培，种植；发展	Children grow very quickly in their first few years.
growl	v./n. 嗥叫;轰鸣;咆哮着说	The dog began to growl when the stranger approached.
grown	adj.已长成的	The company has grown into a major international corporation.
grown-up	a. 成长的，成熟的，成人的n. 成年人	He behaved in a very grown-up and responsible manner.
growth	n. 生长，增长，发展	The country is experiencing rapid economic growth.
grudge	vt. 吝惜,不愿给;n. 恶意,怨恨,忌妒	I don't hold a grudge against him for what happened.
grumble	vi./n. 埋怨,发牢骚,咕哝	The workers began to grumble about the low wages.
grunt	vi.作呼噜声；咕哝	The pig gave a low grunt as it looked for food.
guarantee	n./vt. 保证,担保,保证人,担保物	The new car comes with a three-year guarantee.
guard	v./n. 保卫，守卫，提防n. 哨兵，警卫，看守	The soldiers were assigned to guard the palace gates.
guardian	n. 保护人,监护人	After his parents died, his aunt became his legal guardian.
guess	v./n. 猜测，推测；以为；猜想	Can you guess how old he is?
guest	n. 客人，宾客，旅客	We are having several guests for dinner tonight.
guesthouse	n.宾馆	We stayed in a small and friendly guesthouse near the beach.
guidance	n. 引导，指导	The young teacher looked to her mentor for guidance.
guide	n. 领路人；指南，导游v. 领路；指导；支配；管理	The travel guide provided a lot of useful information about the city.
guilt	n. 罪过，内疚	He felt a sense of guilt after he realized his mistake.
guilty	a. (of)有罪的，内疚的	The jury found the suspect guilty of the crime.
guitar	n. 吉他vi. 弹吉他	She is learning how to play the acoustic guitar.
gulf	n. 海湾	The Gulf of Mexico is a large body of water.
gulp	v.吞下	He took a large gulp of water after the race.
gum	n. 树胶；口香糖	Chewing gum is not allowed in the classroom.
gun	n. 枪，炮，手枪	The police officer drew his gun and ordered the suspect to stop.
gunpowder	n.黑色火药；有烟火药	The invention of gunpowder changed the nature of warfare.
gust	n. 阵风;(感情的)迸发	A sudden gust of wind blew my hat off.
gutter	n.沟，边沟；檐槽	The rain water flowed down the gutter and into the drain.
guy	n. 家伙，人	He is a very friendly and helpful guy.
gymnasium	n. 体育馆	The students have physical education classes in the gymnasium.
gymnastics	n.体操	She has been practicing gymnastics since she was a little girl.
gymnast	n.体操运动员	The young gymnast won a gold medal at the national competition.
habit	n. 习惯，习性，脾性	It is a good habit to read for thirty minutes every day.
habitual	a.习惯性的，惯常的	He was a habitual smoker who found it hard to quit.
haggard	adj.消瘦的，憔悴的	He looked haggard and tired after working all night.
haggle	n.争论，讨价还价	We spent several minutes haggling over the price of the car.
hail	n./v. (下)冰雹;(冰雹般)一阵,落下	The crops were damaged by a heavy fall of hail.
hair	n. 毛发，头发；绒毛，毛状物	She has long, curly dark hair.
haircut	n.理发	He went to the barber shop to get a haircut.
hairdress	n.美发	She is studying hairdressing at the local vocational college.
hairpin	n.发卡	She used a hairpin to keep her hair in place.
hairy	adj.毛发的，多毛的	The dog has a very hairy coat.
half	n. 半，一半a. 一半的，不完全的ad. 一半地	We'll be there in half an hour.
halfway	adv.半途	We are halfway through the project.
hall	n. 礼堂，会堂，办公大楼，门厅	The meeting was held in the main assembly hall.
hallmark	n.标志	Quality and reliability are the hallmarks of our brand.
halt	n./v. (途中)暂停,终止;vi. 犹豫,踌躇	The bus came to a sudden halt at the traffic lights.
halve	vt.对分；平摊	The company hopes to halve its carbon emissions by 2030.
ham	n. 火腿	We had a delicious ham sandwich for lunch.
hamburger	n. 汉堡包，牛肉饼	Would you like some fries with your hamburger?
hammer	n. 铁锤，槌，榔头v. 锤击，敲打	He used a hammer to drive the nail into the wood.
hamper	vt. 阻碍,妨碍,牵制	The heavy rain hampered the rescue operations.
hand	n. 手，人手，雇员；专门业人员；指针v. 支持, 搀扶, 交给	He held the small bird carefully in his hand.
handbag	n.手袋，手提包	She kept her phone and wallet in her handbag.
handbook	n. 手册,便览	The employee handbook explains all the company's rules.
handful	n. 一把；少数；一小撮	He took a handful of nuts from the bowl.
handicap	n. 给予优者的不利条件以使竞赛机会相等,障碍,残废;vt. 妨碍	The loss of his leg was a major handicap, but he never gave up.
handicapped	adj.有残疾的	The building has special access for handicapped visitors.
handkerchief	n. 手帕	He wiped his eyes with a clean white handkerchief.
handle	n. 柄，把手，拉手v. 处理，对待，操纵；触，抚养	She turned the handle and opened the door.
handling	n.处理，管理	The careful handling of the fragile artifacts is essential.
handsome	a. 漂亮的,大方的	He is a very handsome and charismatic young man.
handout	n.施舍物，救济品	The teacher distributed handouts at the beginning of the lesson.
handwriting	n. 笔迹，手迹，书法	His handwriting is very neat and easy to read.
handy	a. 手边的，近便的；方便的	The tool kit is very handy for small repairs around the house.
hang	v. 悬挂，垂吊；吊死，绞死	He decided to hang the painting in the living room.
hanger	n.衣架	Please put your coat on a hanger in the closet.
haphazard	a./ad. 杂乱的(地),任意的(地)	The books were arranged in a haphazard fashion on the shelf.
happen	v. (偶然)发生；碰巧，恰好	Accidents can happen at any time, so be careful.
happening	n.事件	There are many exciting happenings in the city this weekend.
happily	adv.幸运地	They have been happily married for over forty years.
happiness	n.幸福，幸运；快乐	Money cannot buy happiness.
happy	a. 快乐的，幸福的；乐意的；令人满意的	We are very happy with the results of the project.
harbor	n. 海港；避难所v. 隐匿，窝藏	The fishing boats returned to the harbor as the sun went down.
hard	a. 坚硬的；结实的；困难的；难忍的；严厉的	Diamonds are the hardest natural substance on Earth.
harden	v. (使)变硬	The concrete will take several hours to harden.
hardly	ad. 几乎不，简直不；仅仅	I could hardly believe the news when I first heard it.
hardness	n.坚硬，硬度	The hardness of the metal makes it suitable for construction.
hardship	n. 艰难，困苦	Many families faced severe hardship during the economic crisis.
hardware	n. 金属日用器皿,(计算机)硬件	The computer hardware needs to be updated to run the new software.
hard-working	adj.勤劳的	He is a very hard-working and dedicated employee.
hardy	a. 勇敢的,果断的,吃苦的;耐寒的	The sheep are a hardy breed that can survive in harsh conditions.
hare	n.野兔	We saw a hare running across the field.
harm	n./v. 伤害，损害，危害	He wouldn't do anything to harm his children.
harmful	a.有害的	Too much sunlight can be harmful to your skin.
harmless	adj.无害的，无恶意的	The spider is completely harmless and won't bite you.
harmonious	a.和谐的，协调的	The team worked together in a very harmonious way.
harmony	n. 和谐,融洽,一致	They live in perfect harmony with each other.
harness	n. 挽具,降落伞背带;vt. 上挽具;治理(河流等);利用	The scientist is trying to find a way to harness solar energy.
harsh	a. 粗糙的;严厉的	The winter weather in this region can be very harsh.
harvest	n. 收获，收成；成果，后果v. 收获，收割	The farmers are busy with the wheat harvest.
haste	n. 匆忙，急速；草率v. 赶快；匆忙	The letter was written in great haste.
hasten	vt.催促 vi.赶紧	The medicine helped to hasten his recovery.
hasty	a. 急速的,匆促的	Don't make any hasty decisions; think about it first.
hat	n. 帽子(一般指有边的帽子)	He took his hat off as he entered the house.
hatch	v. 孵出;策划	The eggs will take about three weeks to hatch.
hate	v. 恨，憎恨；不愿，不喜欢n. 恨，憎恶	I hate the smell of cigarette smoke.
hateful	a.可恨的，可恶的	His actions were truly hateful and cruel.
hatred	n. 憎恨，憎恶，怨恨	The two groups have a long history of mutual hatred.
haughty	a.傲慢的，轻蔑的	She gave him a haughty look and walked away.
haul	v./n. 用力拉,拖;捕获量;拖运的距离	The fisherman had a large haul of fish this morning.
haunt	vt. 常去;(鬼,魂)常出没于;(思想)萦绕;n. 常去的地方	The memory of the accident continued to haunt him for years.
have	v. 有，具有；体会，经受；从事；使；吃，喝	I have two sisters and one brother.
hawk	n. 鹰,骗子,鹰派成员	A hawk circled high in the sky looking for prey.
hay	n. 干草	The farmer is busy making hay while the sun shines.
hazard	n. 危险，冒险，危害v. 冒险，拼命	Smoking is a serious health hazard.
he	pron. 他；(不论性别的)一个人	He is a very talented and dedicated young artist.
head	n. 头；顶部；领导，首脑v. 主管；位于…顶部	He turned his head to see who was calling him.
headache	n. 头痛	I have a terrible headache and need some aspirin.
heading	n. 标题	The chapter headings are listed at the beginning of the book.
headline	n. 大字标题，新闻标题	The newspaper's headline announced the end of the war.
headlong	a.&ad.头向前的(地)	He rushed headlong into the new project without thinking.
headmaster	n. 校长	The headmaster welcomed the new students at the assembly.
headquarters	n. 司令部，指挥部；总部，总局	The company's headquarters are located in New York.
heal	v. 治愈;和解	The wound took several weeks to heal completely.
health	n. 健康，健康状况；卫生	Regular exercise is essential for good health.
healthy	a. 健康的，健壮的；有益健康的，卫生的	She has a very healthy diet and exercises every day.
heap	n./vt. 堆,一堆,堆积;许多,大量;装载	There was a large heap of sand in the backyard.
hear	v. 听见；审讯；(from)收到…的信/电话；听说	I could hear the sound of the ocean from my bedroom.
hearing	n. 听力,听力所及距离,被听到机会;(法律)审讯	The elderly man's hearing is not as good as it used to be.
heart	n. 心(脏)；内心，感情；热忱；中心，要点	He gave her a beautiful heart-shaped necklace.
heartfelt	adj.衷心的	She expressed her heartfelt thanks to everyone who helped her.
hearth	n.壁炉地面；炉边	The family gathered around the warm hearth on the cold evening.
heartily	adv.精神饱满的	They all laughed heartily at the funny joke.
hearty	a.衷心的；丰盛的	We received a hearty welcome from our old friends.
heat	n. 热，热度；热烈，激烈v. (给)加热，(使)变热	The heat of the sun was intense in the middle of the day.
heated	n.激烈的，热烈的	The two candidates had a heated debate on television.
heating	n.加热，供暖	The central heating system was broken, and the house was very cold.
heave	v. 用力举起;说出;掷扔;n. 举,拉,扔	The sailors heaved the rope to bring the boat closer to the dock.
heaven	n. 天，天空，天堂；(Heaven)上帝，神	The stars looked like diamonds scattered across the heaven.
heavily	ad.重重地；大量地	It has been raining heavily all morning.
heavy	a. 重的，重型的；沉重的，大量的，猛烈的	The suitcase was much heavier than I expected.
hedge	n./v. (围)树篱,障碍;躲闪;推诿	The garden is surrounded by a neatly trimmed hedge.
hedgehog	n.刺猬	We saw a small hedgehog scuttling across the lawn.
heed	v. &n.注意，留心	You should heed your doctor's advice and get more rest.
heel	n. 脚后跟，踵，鞋跟	The heel of her shoe broke as she was walking.
height	n. 高，高度；(常pl. )高地，高处	What is the exact height of the Eiffel Tower?
heighten	v. 加高,提高,增大	The tension in the room began to heighten as we waited for the news.
heir	n. 继承人	Prince Charles is the heir to the British throne.
heiress	n.女继承人	The young heiress inherited a vast fortune from her father.
helicopter	n. 直升机	We took a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon.
hell	n. 地狱,阴间,苦境	The war was absolute hell for everyone involved.
hello	int. 英(美)喂，你好(用来打招呼或引起注意)	She said hello to me as she walked past.
helmet	n. 头盔，钢盔	Always wear a helmet when you're riding a bike.
help	v. 帮(援)助；有助于；[呼救	Could you help me with this heavy box, please?
helpful	a. (to)有帮助的，有益的，有用的	The information you provided was very helpful.
helpless	a.无助的；无能的	The baby felt small and helpless in the large crib.
hemisphere	n. 半球,(地球的)半球	China is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
hen	n. 母鸡	The hen laid five eggs in the coop.
hence	ad. 从此地,从此时,因此	The company's profits have dropped; hence the need for budget cuts.
henceforth	ad. (=henceforward)今后	Henceforth, all employees must wear their ID badges at all times.
her	pron.她；[she的所有格	I gave her the book that she had been looking for.
herald	ad.传令官；通报者	The first snowdrops are often seen as the heralds of spring.
herb	n. 草木植物,药草	Basil and rosemary are popular herbs used in cooking.
herbal	adj.草药的	She enjoys drinking herbal tea in the evenings.
herd	n. 兽群,牲口群,牧人;v. 把…赶到一起,成群	A herd of elephants was moving across the savanna.
here	ad. 在(到，向)这里；这时；在这一点上	I've been waiting here for over an hour.
hereafter	adv.此后	The new regulations will apply to all employees hereafter.
hereby	adv.以此	I hereby declare that the information provided is correct.
herein	adv.在此	The terms and conditions mentioned herein are binding.
hereinafter	adv.以下	The company, hereinafter referred to as 'the Client', agrees to pay the fees.
hereof	adv.在本文件中	The parties hereof agree to resolve any disputes through arbitration.
hereto	adv.对此	The documents attached hereto provide further details about the project.
herewith	adv.与此一道	I enclose a copy of the contract herewith for your signature.
hero	n. 英雄，勇士；男主角，男主人公	The firefighter was hailed as a hero for saving the family.
heroic	a. 英雄的，英勇的，崇高的	He made a heroic effort to rescue the trapped passengers.
heroine	n. 女英雄；女主角	The story's heroine is a brave young woman who fights for justice.
herself	pron.她自己；她亲自，她本人	She decided to fix the broken fence herself.
hesitant	adj.犹豫的	He was hesitant to accept the job offer because of the long commute.
hesitate	v. 犹豫，踌躇；含糊，支吾	Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions.
hesitation	n.犹豫，踌躇	After some hesitation, she finally agreed to join us.
hey	int.嗨	Hey! Look where you're going!
hi	int. 嗨！喂！	Hi! How have you been lately?
hide	v. 隐藏，躲藏；隐瞒n. 皮革，兽皮	The children love to play hide and seek in the garden.
hideous	adj.骇人听闻的	The monster in the movie was absolutely hideous.
high	a. 高的，高度的，高级的，高尚的ad. 高高地	The bird flew high up in the sky.
highland	n. 高地，高原	The Scottish Highlands are known for their beautiful scenery.
highly	ad. 高度地，很，非常；赞许地	He is a highly skilled surgeon who has performed many successful operations.
highway	n. 公路，大路	We took the highway to get to the city faster.
hijack	vt. 劫持,劫机,拦路抢劫	The group planned to hijack the plane and fly it to a different country.
hijacker	n.拦路抢劫者	The hijackers were eventually captured by the police.
hike	v./n. 徒步旅行;增加;抬起	We went for a long hike in the mountains on Sunday.
hill	n. 小山，山岗，高地；[pl.	The house is located on top of a steep hill.
hillside	n.(小山)山腰，山坡	Flowers were blooming all along the hillside.
him	pron.他(he的宾格形式)	I haven't seen him since last week.
himself	pron.他自己；他本人	He decided to finish the project himself.
hind	adj.后面的，后部的	The dog was injured in its hind leg.
hinder	vt. 阻碍,阻止	The heavy snow hindered our progress.
hinterland	n.内地	The port serves a large agricultural hinterland.
hindrance	n.障碍，妨碍	Poor health can be a major hindrance to success.
hinge	n. 铰链,合页,关键;v. 给…安铰链;随…而定	The door squeaks because the hinges need oiling.
hint	n./v. 暗示,提示	He gave her a small hint about his plans.
hip	n. 臀部，髋；屋脊	She fell and broke her hip.
hire	n./v. 雇用，租借	They decided to hire a car for their holiday.
his	pron.他的(所有物)	I found his keys on the kitchen table.
hiss	n.嘶嘶声vi.嘶嘶作声	The snake let out a long hiss as we approached.
historian	n. 历史学家	The historian spent years researching the life of the ancient king.
historic	a. 有历史意义的	The signing of the peace treaty was a historic event.
historical	a. 历史的；有关历史的	She loves reading historical novels set in the 19th century.
history	n. 历史，历史学；来历，经历	He has a degree in modern European history.
hit	v. 打，击；碰撞n. 击中；成功而风行一时的事物	The ball hit the window and broke the glass.
hitchhike	vi. 免费搭乘他人便车	He decided to hitchhike across the country during his summer break.
hitherto	ad. 到目前为止，迄今	The details of the project had hitherto remained a secret.
hoarse	a.(声音)嘶哑的	His voice was hoarse after shouting all afternoon.
hobby	n. 业余爱好	Gardening is a very popular hobby among retirees.
hoe	vt.&vi.锄地	The farmer was busy using a hoe to remove weeds from the field.
hoist	vt. 升起,扯起,向上推;n. 起重机	They used a crane to hoist the heavy steel beams into place.
hold	v. 拿着；保有；托住；举行；继续n. 握住；船舱	Can you hold this bag for a second?
holder	n. 持有者，占有者；(台，架等)支持物	The candle was placed in a decorative holder.
holding	n.支持，控股	The company has significant holdings in the telecommunications industry.
hold-up	n.停顿，耽误	There was a hold-up on the highway due to an accident.
hole	n. 洞，孔	The rabbit disappeared into a hole in the ground.
holiday	n. 假日，节日，假期，休假	We are going to Italy for our summer holiday.
hollow	a. 空的，中空的；空洞的，空虚的v. 挖空，凿空	The trunk of the old tree was completely hollow.
holy	a. 神圣的，圣洁的	The Ganges is a holy river for many people in India.
home	ad. 回家，在家n. 家；家乡a. 家庭的；家乡的	I'm going home after work.
homeless	adj.无家可归的	The organization provides food and shelter for the homeless.
homely	a.家庭的；家常的	The small cottage had a very homely and comfortable feel.
homesick	n.思乡的	She felt very homesick during her first week at university.
homework	n. (学生的)家庭作业、课外人员	Have you finished your math homework yet?
homogenous	adj.同质的，同类的	The population of the small island is quite homogenous.
honest	a. 诚实的，正直的，老实的	He is an honest man who always tells the truth.
honesty	n.诚实，正直	Honesty is the best policy.
honey	n. 蜜，蜂蜜	I like to put a spoonful of honey in my tea.
honeymoon	n.蜜月	They went to Hawaii for their honeymoon.
honor	n. 尊敬，敬意；荣誉，光荣v. 尊敬	It is a great honor to be invited to this ceremony.
honorable	a. 可敬的；荣誉的，光荣的	He served his country in an honorable manner for many years.
hook	n. 钩，吊钩，钩状物v. 钩住	Please hang your coat on the hook by the door.
hop	v./n. 单足跳,弹跳	The bird began to hop across the lawn looking for worms.
hope	n. 希望，期望；希望的人或事v. 希望，期望	I hope that the weather will be fine for our picnic.
hopeful	a. 给人希望的，抱有希望的	The initial results of the clinical trial are very hopeful.
hopefully	adv.可以指望	Hopefully, we will finish the project by the end of the week.
hopeless	a.没有希望的，绝望的	The situation seemed hopeless, but they refused to give up.
horizon	n. 地平线;(常pl. )眼界,见识	The sun disappeared below the horizon.
horizontal	a. 地平线的；水平的	Draw a horizontal line across the middle of the page.
horn	n. (牛羊等的)角；号，喇叭；角状物；角制品	The car driver honked his horn to warn the pedestrians.
horrible	a. 可怕的,恐怖的;讨厌的	The smell in the room was absolutely horrible.
horrify	v.使恐惧	The news of the disaster horrified the whole world.
horror	n. 恐怖，战栗	She let out a scream of horror when she saw the spider.
horse	n. 马；跳马，鞍马v. 骑马	He is learning how to ride a horse.
horsepower	n.马力	The car's engine has over three hundred horsepower.
hose	n. 输水软管;长统袜;vt. 浇(园子),用水管冲洗(汽车等)	He used a garden hose to water the flowers.
hospital	n. 医院	The injured passengers were taken to the nearest hospital.
hospitable	adj.好客的	The local people were very hospitable and welcoming.
hospitality	n. 好客,殷勤	Thank you for your warm hospitality during our stay.
host	n. 许多,一大群;主人;旅店老板	The host of the party greeted all the guests at the door.
hostage	n. 人质	The kidnappers held the businessman as a hostage for three days.
hostel	n.廉价旅馆	We stayed in a youth hostel during our trip across Europe.
hostess	n. 女主人，女主持人	The hostess of the show was very charming and engaging.
hostile	a. 敌方的;敌对的,不友好的	The two countries have a hostile relationship with each other.
hot	a. (炎)热的；辣的；急躁的；激动的；热衷的	The weather was very hot and humid all week.
hotdog	n.热狗(面包)	Would you like some mustard on your hotdog?
hotel	n. 旅馆	We booked a room at a small luxury hotel in the city center.
hotelling	n.旅馆业	Hotelling services have improved significantly in this region.
hour	n. 小时，钟点；时刻；课时，工作时间	The flight to London takes about seven hours.
hound	n. 猎狗;卑鄙的人 vt. 用猎狗追,追逐	The paparazzi continued to hound the celebrity everywhere she went.
house	n. 房屋；商业机构；[H-	They are planning to build a new house next year.
household	n. 家庭，家人a. 家庭(务)的，家常的	Many households now have high-speed internet access.
housekeeper	n.看门人，保姆	She works as a housekeeper for a wealthy family.
housewife	n. 家庭主妇	She is a busy housewife who takes care of three children.
housework	n. 家务，家事(不可数)	He helps his parents with the housework on the weekends.
hover	vi. (鸟)盘旋,翱翔,(人)逗留在附近徘徊	The helicopter began to hover over the accident scene.
how	ad. 1. (表示方法、手段、状态)怎样；如何	How do you spell your last name?
however	ad. 然而，可是，不过，无论如何conj. 无论	He worked hard; however, he didn't pass the exam.
howl	n./v. 嚎叫,怒吼	The wind began to howl through the trees.
hug	vt./n. 紧抱,拥抱	They greeted each other with a warm hug.
huge	a. 巨大的，庞大的	The company made a huge profit this year.
hull	n.外壳，豆荚；薄膜	The hull of the ship was painted bright red.
hum	v./n. 嗡嗡叫,嘈杂声	I could hear the constant hum of the air conditioner.
human	a. 人的，人类的n. 人	It is only human to make mistakes sometimes.
humane	adj.人慈的	The organization is dedicated to the humane treatment of animals.
humanism	n.人道主义	The philosophy of humanism places great value on human potential.
humanitarian	a.博爱的n.慈善家	The Red Cross provides humanitarian aid to victims of war.
humanity	n. 人类,仁慈,仁爱	Crime against humanity is a serious international offense.
humble	a. 谦卑的,恭顺的;地位低下的;简陋的;vt. 使卑下,贬抑	Despite his success, he remained a humble and modest man.
humid	a. 湿的，湿气重的	The weather in tropical regions is often very hot and humid.
humidity	n. 湿度,空气湿度	The high humidity made the heat feel even more intense.
humiliate	vt. 羞辱,使丢脸	He didn't mean to humiliate her in front of her colleagues.
humiliation	n.羞辱，耻辱	She felt a sense of utter humiliation after the public mistake.
humor	n. 幽默，诙谐	He has a great sense of humor and always makes us laugh.
humorous	a. 富于幽默感的，幽默的；滑稽的	The movie was very humorous and had the audience roaring with laughter.
hundred	num. 百，一百；[pl.	There were several hundred people at the concert.
hundredth	num.第一面，百分之一	This is the hundredth time I've tried to call him today.
hunger	n./v. 饥饿；渴望	The organization is working to eliminate world hunger.
hungry	a. 饥饿的，渴望的	I'm so hungry I could eat a horse!
hunt	v./n. 打猎，猎取；(for)搜索；寻找	They went to the forest to hunt for deer.
hunter	n.猎人，搜索者	The hunter spent the whole day tracking the animal.
hurl	vt./n. 猛掷,猛投;大声叫骂	He hurled the ball across the yard.
hurrah	int.好哇，万岁，乌拉	Hurrah! We finally finished the project!
hurry	vi. 匆忙vt. 催促；急运(派)n. 急(匆)忙	Please hurry up or we'll be late for the meeting.
hurt	n. 伤痛，伤害v. 刺痛，伤害；伤…的感情	Be careful not to hurt yourself.
husband	n. 丈夫	Her husband works as a software engineer.
hush	n.沉默int.嘘！	A sudden hush fell over the room as the speaker entered.
hustle	v.奔忙	We need to hustle if we want to catch the last train.
hut	n. 小屋，棚屋	They stayed in a small wooden hut in the mountains.
hydraulic	a.水力的；水力学的	The car uses a hydraulic braking system.
hydroelectric	adj.水电的	The dam is used to generate hydroelectric power.
hydrogen	n. 氢气	Hydrogen is the lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
hygiene	n. 卫生	Personal hygiene is important for maintaining good health.
hymn	n.赞美诗，圣歌；赞歌	The choir sang a beautiful hymn at the end of the service.
hypocrisy	n. 伪善，虚伪	He was accused of hypocrisy for not practicing what he preached.
hypothesis	n. (逻辑)前提;假说	The scientists are conducting experiments to test their hypothesis.
hypothetical	adj.假设的	This is just a hypothetical situation, not a real one.
hysteria	n.歇斯底里，癔病	There was a lot of mass hysteria after the news of the accident broke.
hysteric	adj.亢奋的	She let out a hysteric laugh when she heard the news.
I	pron.(主格)我	I am going to the store.
ice	n. 冰；冰冻甜食vt. 冰冻，使成冰	The lake was covered in a thick layer of ice.
ice-cream	n. 冰淇淋	Chocolate is my favorite flavor of ice-cream.
ice-bound	adj.冰封的	The ship was trapped in ice-bound waters for weeks.
Iceland	n.冰岛	Iceland is famous for its stunning natural scenery and hot springs.
icy	a.冰冷的；冷冰冰的	Be careful on the icy roads this morning.
idea	n. 想法，念头；概念，观念；意见，主意	I have a great idea for a new business.
ideal	a. 完美的,理想的,想象中的 n. 理想,理想的事物	This is an ideal location for a summer vacation.
idealism	n.唯心主义；理想主义	His political views are based on a sense of youthful idealism.
idealize	v.使理想化	It is easy to idealize the past and forget the difficulties.
identical	a. (to. with)同一的，同样的	The two sisters are wearing identical dresses.
identification	n. 识别，鉴别；证件；认同	You need to show some identification before you can enter the building.
identify	vt. 认出;认为…与…一致	The witness was able to identify the suspect in a line-up.
identity	n. 身份；本体；特征；同一(性)；一致；国籍；等式	The thief stole her identity and used her credit cards.
idiom	n. 习语；成语方言；(艺术等的)风格，特色	English is full of strange and colorful idioms.
idiomatic	adj.习语的，惯用的	He speaks English with a very idiomatic and natural flow.
idiot	n. 白痴	Don't be such an idiot; think about what you're doing.
idle	a. 懒散的,无所事事的;空闲的;无用的,无效的;	The factory has been idle for several months.
idleness	n.懒惰；赋闲无事	Idleness can lead to boredom and frustration.
idol	n.偶像，被崇拜的人	The young singer is a popular idol among teenagers.
i.e.	(=that is)adv.那就是，即	The cost includes everything, i.e., flights, hotels, and meals.
if	conj. (用于连接宾语从句)是否；是不是	If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay inside.
ignite	v. 点燃;引发	A spark from the engine ignited the fuel.
ignorance	n. 无知,愚昧	Public ignorance about the disease is a major problem.
ignorant	a. 无知的，愚昧的；不知道的	He is completely ignorant of the latest developments in science.
ignore	v. 不理，不顾，忽视	She decided to ignore his rude comment.
ill	a. 有病的；坏的；恶意的ad. 坏地；不利地	She has been feeling ill for several days.
illegal	a. 不合法的，非法的	It is illegal to drive without a license.
illegible	adj.字迹不清的	His handwriting is so messy that it's almost illegible.
illiteracy	n.文盲	The government is launching a campaign to reduce illiteracy.
illiterate	n./a. 文盲(的)	Many people in the remote village are still illiterate.
illness	n. 病，疾病	He missed a week of work due to a serious illness.
illuminate	vt. 照亮,用灯装饰;阐明	The bright lights of the city illuminate the night sky.
illusion	n. 幻象,错觉	The oasis turned out to be just an optical illusion.
illusive	adj.幻觉的	The promise of quick wealth proved to be illusive.
illustrate	vt. 举例或以图表说明,配以插图	The teacher used several examples to illustrate the point.
illustration	n. 说明；例证，插图；举例说明	The book contains several beautiful illustrations.
image	n. 形象，声誉；印象；像；形象的描述，比喻	The company is trying to improve its public image.
imaginary	a. 想象的，虚构的	The characters in the story are entirely imaginary.
imagination	n. 想象(力)；空想，幻觉；想象出来的事物	Children have very vivid imaginations.
imagine	v. 想象，设想，料想	Can you imagine what life will be like in fifty years?
imitate	vt. 模仿,仿效;仿制,仿造	He can imitate several different accents perfectly.
imitation	n. 模仿，仿效；仿制；仿造品	The bag is a clever imitation of a famous brand.
immaterial	adj.无形的，不重要的	The cost of the project is immaterial compared to its benefits.
immature	adj.不成熟的	He was criticized for his immature behavior.
immediate	a. 立即的，即时的；直接的，最接近的	The patient needs immediate medical attention.
immediately	ad.立即；直接地	Please call me immediately if you hear any news.
immense	a. 广大的,巨大的	The company made an immense profit this year.
immerse	vt. 沉浸,沉浸于;使陷入	She decided to immerse herself in her work to forget her troubles.
immigrant	n. 移民,侨民	The city has a large and diverse immigrant population.
immigrate	vt.(使)移居入境	Many people immigrated to America in the late 19th century.
immigration	n.移居入境	The government is trying to tighten immigration laws.
imminent	a. 迫近的,紧迫的	The heavy clouds suggest that a storm is imminent.
immoral	adj.不道德的	Stealing is considered immoral in most cultures.
immortal	a.不朽的；永生的	The ancient Greek gods were believed to be immortal.
impact	n. 影响;冲击,碰撞	The discovery had a major impact on the scientific community.
impart	v. 给予;告知,透露;传授	Teachers try to impart knowledge and values to their students.
impartial	a.公正的，无偏见的	A judge must remain impartial and objective at all times.
impatience	n.不耐烦	He was showing signs of growing impatience as the meeting went on.
impatient	a. 不耐烦的，急躁的	She grew impatient waiting for the bus to arrive.
imperative	a. 紧急的,必要的;强制的,[语	It is imperative that we finish the project on time.
imperfect	adj.不完善的	The product was returned because it was found to be imperfect.
imperialism	n.帝国主义	The country's history was shaped by centuries of imperialism.
imperialist	n.帝国主义者	The group was accused of promoting imperialist ideas.
implement	n. 工具,器具;vt. 贯彻,履行	The government is planning to implement new security measures.
implementation	n.实行，执行	The implementation of the new policy took several months.
implication	n. 含意，暗示，暗指；牵连	The discovery has major implications for the future of medicine.
implied	adj.暗含的，暗示的	There was an implied threat in his words.
implore	vt.乞求，恳求，哀求	She implored him to stay, but he had to leave.
imply	v. 意指，含…意思，暗示	His silence seemed to imply that he agreed with the decision.
import	v. 进口，输入n. 进口，输入；(pl.)进口商品；要旨，含意	The country imports a large amount of its oil from abroad.
importance	n. 重要，重要性	He places a lot of importance on academic achievement.
important	a. 重要的，重大的；有地位的，有权力的	It is important to get enough sleep every night.
importation	n.进口	The importation of ivory is strictly controlled in most countries.
importer	n.进口商	He works for a major importer of exotic fruits.
impose	v. 征(税);把…强加于;利用	The government decided to impose a new tax on luxury goods.
imposition	n.强迫接受	The imposition of the new rules was met with a lot of protest.
impossibility	n.不可能性	Finishing the project by tomorrow is an absolute impossibility.
impossible	a. 不可能的；难以忍受的，很难对付的	It is impossible to please everyone all the time.
impost	n.进口税，关税	The government increased the impost on imported electronics.
impractical	v.不可行的	His plan for a floating city was considered highly impractical.
impress	v. (on)印，盖印；留下印象，引人注目	He tried hard to impress his new boss.
impression	n. 印象，感想；盖印，压痕	I have the impression that she is not happy with the decision.
impressive	a. 给人深刻印象的,惊人的	The skyscraper is an impressive piece of modern architecture.
imprison	vt.关押，监禁；限制	The journalist was imprisoned for criticizing the government.
imprisonment	n.监禁，徒刑	He was sentenced to ten years of imprisonment for the robbery.
improper	a.不适当的；不合理的	His behavior at the meeting was considered highly improper.
improve	v. 改善，改进，增进；好转，进步	The weather is expected to improve over the next few days.
improvement	n. 改进，进步，增进；改进措施	There has been a significant improvement in her health lately.
impulse	n. 冲动;脉冲;推动,驱使	He bought the car on an impulse, without really thinking about it.
impurity	n.不纯；杂质；不道德	The water filter removes impurities and bacteria.
in	prep. 在…里(内，上)；用…(表示)ad. 进，入	I'll be ready in ten minutes.
inability	n.无能	His inability to speak English was a major disadvantage.
inaccessible	a.达不到的，难接近的	The village is completely inaccessible by road during the winter.
inaccurate	a.不精密的，不准确的	The report was criticized for being inaccurate and biased.
inadequate	a.不充足的，不适当的	The supply of water was inadequate for the growing population.
inasmuch	ad.因为，由于	He was lucky, inasmuch as he escaped the accident without any injuries.
inaugural	adj.开幕的	The president gave his inaugural speech in front of a large crowd.
inaugurate	vt. 为…举行就职典礼;为展览会揭幕;开创	The new airport was inaugurated by the prime minister yesterday.
inauguration	n.开幕、就职典礼	The inauguration of the new president will take place in January.
incapable	a.无能力的；无资格的	He is incapable of lying, even when it might benefit him.
incense	n.香，熏香；香气	The air in the temple was filled with the smell of burning incense.
incentive	n. 刺激；动力；鼓励；诱因；动机	The government is offering tax incentives to encourage investment.
inch	n. 英寸	One inch is equal to 2.54 centimeters.
incident	n. 事件，事变	The police are investigating a mysterious incident that took place last night.
incidentally	ad. 偶然地,顺便地	Incidentally, have you seen my keys anywhere?
inclination	n. 倾向,意愿	She has an inclination towards music and art.
incline	n. 斜坡,斜面 v. (使)倾斜;(使)倾向于,赞同	The road has a steep incline, making it hard to climb.
inclined	adj.倾向于的	I am inclined to believe his story, given his reputation for honesty.
include	v. 包括，包含，计入	The price of the tour includes all flights and accommodation.
inclusion	n.包括在内	The inclusion of her work in the exhibition was a great honor.
inclusive	a. 包括的,包含的	The resort offers an all-inclusive holiday package.
income	n. 收入，收益，所得	The family is struggling to survive on a low income.
incompatibility	n.不兼容	The incompatibility of the two systems led to several problems.
incompatible	a.不相容的	His views are incompatible with the core principles of the party.
incomplete	a.不完全的，未完成的	The report is still incomplete and needs more work.
inconsistency	n.不一致	There were several inconsistencies in his statement to the police.
inconsistent	adj.不一致的	The witness gave inconsistent accounts of what happened.
inconvenience	n.不便，不利	We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the delay.
inconvenient	adj.不方便的	The lack of public transport in the area is very inconvenient.
incorporate	v. 结合,合并,组成公司	They decided to incorporate several new features into the app.
incorporated	adj.有限的	The company is a major incorporated business in the region.
incorrect	a.不正确的，错误的	Please ensure that all the information provided is not incorrect.
incoterms	n.(缩)国际贸易术语	The contract is based on the latest Incoterms for international trade.
increase	v. 增加，增长，增进n. 增加，增长，增进	The population of the city has increased significantly.
increasing	adj.不断增长的	There is an increasing demand for skilled software engineers.
increasingly	ad. 不断增加地，日益	The situation is becoming increasingly unstable.
incredible	a. 不可相信的，惊人的，不可思议的	The view from the top of the mountain was absolutely incredible.
incredulous	adj.表示怀疑的	He gave an incredulous laugh at the news.
increment	n. 增值,增额	The employees receive an annual salary increment based on performance.
incur	vt. 招致,遭受	The company will incur a loss if the sales don't improve.
indebted	adj.感激的，感恩的	I am deeply indebted to all the doctors and nurses who helped me.
indebtedness	n.感激	The country has a high level of foreign indebtedness.
indeed	ad. 确实，实在；真正地，多么	The result was indeed very surprising.
indefinite	a.不明确的；不定的	The project has been delayed for an indefinite period of time.
indefinitely	adv.不明确地	The meeting has been postponed indefinitely.
indemnify	v.赔偿，保护	The insurance company will indemnify you against any loss or damage.
indent	v.(书写)缩行	You should indent the first line of each paragraph.
independence	n. 独立，自主	The country gained its independence after years of struggle.
independent	a. (of)独立的，自主的	The newspaper is completely independent of any political party.
independently	adv.独立地	He worked independently on the project for several months.
index	n. 索引v. 附以索引	The book includes a comprehensive index of topics at the back.
India	n.印度	India is a major emerging economic power.
Indian	a.印度的 n.印度人	He loves traditional Indian food, especially curry.
indicate	v. 指出，指示；表明，暗示	The results of the test indicate that he is in good health.
indication	n. 指出，指示；表明，暗示	There was every indication that the project would be successful.
indicative	a. 指示的,表示的	His behavior is indicative of a lack of confidence.
indifference	n.冷淡，不关心	His indifference to the plight of others was quite shocking.
indifferent	a. 不感兴趣的,不关心的,质量不高的	She remained indifferent to his apologies.
indigestion	n.消化不良	Eating too fast can often lead to indigestion.
indignant	a. 愤慨的,义愤的	He was indignant at the way he had been treated.
indignation	n. 愤怒，愤慨	The public's indignation grew as more details of the scandal were revealed.
indirect	a.间接的；不坦率的	The news of the accident reached us through indirect channels.
indirectly	adj.间接地	His decision to resign will indirectly affect the entire team.
indispensable	a. 必需的,必不可少的	Computers have become an indispensable part of our daily lives.
individual	a. 个人的,个体的,个别的;n. 个人,个体	The teacher provides individual attention to each student in the class.
indoor	a. 室内的，户内的	The hotel has an indoor swimming pool for its guests.
indoors	ad.在室内，在屋里	It started to rain, so we decided to go indoors.
induce	vt.	The doctor prescribed medicine to induce sleep.
inducement	n.诱导，动机	The company offered several inducements to attract new investors.
induction	n.就职；归纳推理	The new employees attended a three-day induction course.
indulge	v. 放纵,沉迷于	It's okay to indulge in a little chocolate every now and then.
industrial	a. 工业的，产业的	The city has a large industrial area on its outskirts.
industrialize	v. (使)工业化	The government is trying to industrialize the rural regions of the country.
industrialization	n.工业化	The rapid industrialization of the 19th century changed society forever.
industrialized	adj.工业化的	Japan is one of the most highly industrialized nations in the world.
industrious	a.勤劳的，勤奋的	She is a very industrious student who always finishes her work on time.
industry	n. 工业，产业；勤劳，勤奋	The tourism industry is a major source of income for the country.
ineffective	adj.效率低的	The current laws are ineffective in preventing cybercrime.
ineffectiveness	n.低效率	The report highlighted the ineffectiveness of the management team.
inefficiency	n.无效力	The company is trying to reduce inefficiency in its production process.
inefficient	a.效率低的，无能的	The old heating system is very inefficient and uses too much energy.
inertia	n. 不活动，惰性；惯性	The company's failure to adapt was due to a sense of organizational inertia.
inevitable	a. 不可避免的,照例必有的	Change is an inevitable part of life.
inevitably	ad.不可避免地	The higher prices will inevitably lead to a drop in sales.
inexpensive	a.花费不多的，廉价的	This restaurant offers a variety of delicious and inexpensive meals.
infant	n. 婴儿	The infant was sleeping peacefully in the crib.
infantry	n.步兵	The infantry moved forward to capture the enemy's position.
infect	vt. 传染;受影响	He managed to infect everyone in the office with his enthusiasm.
infection	n.感染	You should clean the wound carefully to prevent infection.
infectious	a. 传染的，传染性的，有感染力的	The child was sent home from school because he has an infectious disease.
infer	v. 推论，推断	From his silence, we could infer that he was unhappy with the decision.
inference	n. 推论，推理，推断；结论	The detective made an inference based on the evidence found at the scene.
inferior	a. 劣质的,差的;下级的;n. 地位低的人,能力低的人	The quality of this fabric is inferior to the one we bought last year.
inferiority	n.劣势	He suffered from a sense of inferiority during his early school years.
infinite	a. 无限的，无穷的n. 无限	The universe is often described as being infinite in size.
infinitely	ad.无限地，无边地	Modern computers are infinitely more powerful than the ones used forty years ago.
infinitive	adj.不定式的	In English grammar, 'to be' is an example of an infinitive.
infinity	n.大量，大宗；无穷大	The concept of infinity is difficult for many people to grasp.
inflammable	adj.不易燃的	The warning sign indicated that the material was highly inflammable.
inflation	n. 膨胀;通货膨胀	The government is trying to curb inflation by raising interest rates.
inflict	vt. 使遭受,强加	The storm inflicted a lot of damage on the coastal town.
influence	n. (on)影响，感化；势力，权势v. 影响，感化	My parents have always had a great influence on my life.
influential	a. 有影响的；有权势的	He is one of the most influential political thinkers of our time.
influenza	n.流行性感冒	The city is currently facing a major outbreak of influenza.
inform	v. (of，about)通知，告诉，报告；告发，告密	Please inform me as soon as you hear any news.
informal	adj.非正式的	The atmosphere at the meeting was quite informal and relaxed.
information	n. 通知，报告；情报，资料，消息；信息	I'm looking for some information about local tourist attractions.
informative	adj.提供资料的	The documentary was very informative and interesting.
infrequent	adj.不经常的	He is an infrequent visitor to the library.
infringe	v. 违反,触犯,侵害	The group was accused of infringing on the company's patent.
infringement	n.侵权	The use of the copyrighted music was a clear infringement of the law.
ingenious	a. 设计独特的;别致的,巧妙的;灵巧的	She came up with an ingenious solution to the problem.
ingenuity	n.机灵；设计新颖	The project was a testament to his engineering ingenuity.
inhabit	vt. 居住于	Many rare species of animals inhabit this forest.
inhabitant	n. 居民，住户	The city has over two million inhabitants.
inherent	a. 固有的	There are inherent risks involved in any new business venture.
inherit	v. 继承,经遗传而得(特性等)	She inherited a large fortune from her grandmother.
initial	a. 最初的,开始的;n. 人名的首字母;vt. 签署姓名首字母于	The initial reaction to the news was one of shock.
initially	ad.最初，开始	Initially, I was a bit nervous about the job interview.
initiate	vt. 开始;使初步了解;介绍某人为(会员等)	The government decided to initiate a new investigation into the matter.
initiative	a. 创始的，起始的n. 第一步，创始，主动精神	He showed a lot of initiative in completing the project ahead of schedule.
inject	vt. 注射;注入	The doctor injected some medicine into the patient's arm.
injection	n.注射，注入；充满	I had to go to the clinic to get a flu injection.
injure	v. 损害，损伤，伤害	He injured his leg while he was playing football.
injury	n. 伤害，损害	The athlete was forced to retire due to a serious injury.
injustice	n.不公正	The protest was organized to fight against social injustice.
ink	n. 墨水，油墨	I need to buy a new cartridge of black ink for my printer.
inland	a. 内地的,内陆的;ad. 在内地,向内地	The city is located several hundred miles inland from the coast.
inlet	n. 水湾，小湾；进口，入口	The small boat entered the quiet inlet to seek shelter from the storm.
inn	n. 小旅馆，客栈	We stayed at a charming old inn in the countryside.
inner	a. 内部的，里面的；内心的	The rooms overlook a beautiful inner courtyard.
innocence	n.清白，天真	The suspect maintained his innocence throughout the trial.
innocent	a. 无罪的;无害的;天真的,无知的;n. 天真无邪的人	She was found to be innocent of all charges.
innovate	v.革新，变革，创始	The company needs to innovate if it wants to stay competitive.
innovation	n. 改革,革新	The invention of the smartphone was a major innovation.
innumerable	a. 数不清的	There are innumerable stars in the galaxy.
inorganic	a.无生物的；无机的	Chemistry is divided into organic and inorganic branches.
input	n./v. 输入	We need more input from the community before making a decision.
inquire	v. 询问，打听；调查；查问	I'd like to inquire about the cost of the tour.
inquiry	n. 询问，打听，调查	The police are currently conducting an inquiry into the matter.
insane	a. 疯狂的,愚蠢的	His plan for a floating city was considered absolutely insane.
insect	n. 昆虫	Ants and bees are examples of social insects.
insert	vt. 插入 n. 插入物,插页	Please insert the coin into the machine.
insertion	n.插入	The insertion of the key into the lock was difficult.
inside	a. 里面的ad. 在里面n. 内部prep. 在…里	I found my keys inside the kitchen drawer.
insider	n.知情者	The journalist received information from a government insider.
insight	n. 洞悉,洞察,见识	The book provides a fascinating insight into the life of the famous artist.
insignificant	a.无意义的；低微的	The difference between the two results was insignificant.
insist	vi. (on)坚持要求，坚决主张，坚持	She insisted on paying for her own meal.
insistent	a.坚持的；逼人注意的	The persistent ringing of the phone was very annoying.
insofar	adv.在范围内	Insofar as I know, the project is on schedule.
insolvent	a. 无偿债能力的	The company was declared insolvent and forced to close.
inspect	vt. 检查，调查，视察	The health official came to inspect the restaurant's kitchen.
inspection	n. 检查,审视,检阅	The car needs a thorough safety inspection before it can be sold.
inspector	n.检查员；巡官	The food inspector found several health violations at the factory.
inspiration	n. 灵感；鼓舞，激励	She gets her inspiration for her paintings from nature.
inspire	vt. 激励,鼓励;灌注以创造力	His brave actions inspired everyone in the community.
instable	adj.不稳定的	The political situation in the region remains highly instable.
install	vt. 任命;安装,安置	We decided to install a new security system in our house.
installation	n. 安装，设置；装置，设备	The installation of the new software took several hours.
installment	n. 分期付款；(连载的)一期	They decided to pay for the car in monthly installments.
instance	n. 例子，事例，例证	Can you give me an instance of what you mean?
instant	a. 立即的；紧迫的；(食品)速溶的n. 瞬间，时刻	The response to the emergency was instant.
instantly	ad.立即，即刻	I recognized him instantly, even though we hadn't seen each other for years.
instead	ad. 代替，顶替	We decided to go to the beach instead of the mountains.
instinct	n. 本能	The bird's instinct told it to fly south for the winter.
instinctive	adj.本能的，天性的	Her reaction to the danger was purely instinctive.
institute	n. 学会，研究所；学院v. 设立，设置，制定	He works as a researcher at a scientific institute in London.
institution	n. 公共机构；协会；学校；研究所；制度；惯例	Marriage is a fundamental social institution.
instruct	v. 教，教授；命令，指示	The teacher instructed the students to open their books to page fifty.
instruction	n. 教授；指导；(pl.)用法说明(书)，操作指南	Please read the instructions carefully before assembling the furniture.
instructive	adj.指示的，教育的	The workshop was very instructive and helpful for our career development.
instructor	n.指导者，教员	He works as a swimming instructor at the local sports center.
instrument	n. 工具，仪器，器械；乐器	The surgeon used several specialized instruments during the operation.
instrumental	a. 仪器的；器械的；乐器的；起作用的；有帮助的	He was instrumental in organizing the local music festival.
insufficient	a.不足的；不适当的	The supply of food was insufficient for the large number of refugees.
insulate	vt. 使绝缘,使绝热,隔离	The house is well insulated to keep the heat inside during winter.
insulation	n.隔离，绝缘	We need to improve the insulation in the attic.
insult	vt. 侮辱,凌辱;n. 侮辱的言词或行为	He didn't mean to insult her with his joke.
insurance	n. 保险	Do you have travel insurance for your trip to Europe?
insure	vt. 保险，给…保险；保证	It is important to insure your house against fire and theft.
intangible	adj.无形的	The company's greatest asset is its intangible reputation.
integral	a. 构成整体所必需的,完整的	Good communication is an integral part of any successful relationship.
integrate	vt. 使一体化,取消种族隔离	The program aims to integrate new immigrants into the local community.
integration	n.结合，整体	The economic integration of the region is progressing steadily.
integrity	n. 诚实,正直;完整,完整性	He is a man of high integrity and honesty.
intellect	n.理智，智力，才智	Einstein was a man of extraordinary intellect and vision.
intellectual	a. 智力的,理智的,有理解力的; n. 知识分子	She enjoys intellectual discussions about philosophy and art.
intelligence	n. 智力，聪明；理解力；情报，消息，报导	The new software uses artificial intelligence to solve complex problems.
intelligent	a. 聪明的，明智的，理智的	She is a very intelligent and hard-working student.
intend	vt. 想要，打算，企图	We intend to go to France for our holidays next year.
intense	a. 强烈的，剧烈的；热烈的，热情的	The heat from the sun was intense in the middle of the day.
intensity	n. 强烈，剧烈；强度	The intensity of the storm caught everyone by surprise.
intensive	a. 加强的，集中的，深入细致的，精耕细作的	The students are taking an intensive English course this summer.
intent	a. (目光)不能移的,集中的,专心的;坚决的 n. 意图,意向,目的	He was intent on finishing the project before the deadline.
intention	n. 意图，意向，目的	I have no intention of leaving the company.
intentional	a.故意的，有意识的	The police believe that the fire was intentional.
interact	vi.互相作用,互相影响	Children need to learn how to interact with others from a young age.
interaction	n.相互作用；干扰	The interaction between the two species is complex and interesting.
intercourse	n. 交流，交往，交际，性交	International intercourse is essential for global peace and cooperation.
interest	n. (in)兴趣，重要性；利益v. (in)使发生兴趣	He has a great interest in ancient history.
interested	adj.感兴趣的	Are you interested in joining our music club?
interesting	a. 有趣的，引人入胜的	I found the documentary about space exploration very interesting.
interface	n. 接合部位，分界面v. (使)互相联系	The user interface of the new app is very simple and easy to use.
interfer	v. (in)干涉，干预；(with)妨碍，打扰	Don't let your personal problems interfere with your work.
interference	n. (in)干涉，干预；(with)妨碍，打扰	The radio signal was interrupted by constant interference.
interior	a. 内部的，里面的n. 内部，内地	The interior of the cathedral was decorated with beautiful mosaics.
intermediate	a./n. 中间的,中间物	She is currently taking an intermediate level English class.
internal	a. 内部的，内的；国内的，内政的	The company is facing several internal management problems.
international	a. 国际的，世界(性)的，跨国的	The Olympics is a major international sports event.
internationalization	n.国际化	The internationalization of the brand was very successful.
internationalize	v.使国际化	The university is trying to internationalize its curriculum.
interpret	v. 解释,说明,认为…的意思,口译	It is difficult to interpret the meaning of these ancient symbols.
interpretation	n.解释；口译	The play is open to many different interpretations.
interpreter	n.译员，口译者	He works as an interpreter for the UN in Geneva.
interrupt	v. 中断，遮断，阻碍；打断(话)，打扰	I'm sorry to interrupt, but there is a phone call for you.
interruption	n.中断，打断；障碍物	The meeting went on for three hours without any interruption.
interval	n. 间隔的时间,间隔,间歇	There will be a twenty-minute interval between the two acts of the play.
intervene	vi. 插入,干涉;插话(时间)介于	The government had to intervene to resolve the crisis.
interview	v./n. 接见，会见；采访；面试	She has a job interview tomorrow morning.
intimate	a. 亲密的,密切的;个人的,私下的; vt. 暗示,宣布,通知	They have a very intimate and close friendship.
intimation	n.亲密，熟悉	He gave no intimation of his plans to resign.
into	prep. 到…里面，进入；成为(表示变化)	He walked into the room and sat down.
intonation	n.语调，声调；发声	English intonation can be quite difficult for some learners.
introduce	vt. 介绍；引进，传入；提出(议案等)	Let me introduce you to my best friend, Sarah.
introduction	n. (to)介绍；传入，引进；导言，导论，绪论	The book provides a clear introduction to the history of art.
introductory	adj.介绍的，入门的	The college offers several introductory courses for new students.
intrude	vi. 闯入，侵入vt. 把(思想等)强加于人；强挤入	I'm sorry to intrude on your privacy.
inundate	vt. 淹没,泛滥,压倒	The office was inundated with phone calls after the news broke.
invade	vt. 侵略,侵犯,蜂拥而至	The army prepared to invade the neighboring country.
invader	n.入侵者	The local people fought bravely to repel the invaders.
invalid	a. 无效的,作废的;无根据的 n. 病人,病弱者;a. 病弱的,伤残的	The contract was declared invalid because it hadn't been signed properly.
invalidate	v.使无效	The new evidence could invalidate the previous court ruling.
invaluable	a. 无价的,无法估价的	The experience I gained during the internship was invaluable.
invariably	ad. 不变地,永恒地	He is invariably late for our meetings.
invasion	n. 入侵，侵略，侵犯	The invasion of Normandy was a turning point in the war.
invent	v. 发明，创造；捏造，虚构	Bell is famous for inventing the telephone.
invention	n. 发明，创造，发明物	The invention of the internet has changed the world forever.
inventor	n.发明者；发明家	Edison was a prolific inventor with over a thousand patents.
inverse	a. 相反的，倒转的，反转的n. 相反之物	There is an inverse relationship between price and demand.
inversely	ad.相反地	The strength of the signal is inversely proportional to the distance.
invest	v. 投资,购买;授予	They decided to invest their savings in the stock market.
investigate	vt. 调查,调查研究	The police are investigating the cause of the fire.
investigation	n.调查，调查研究	A thorough investigation into the matter is currently underway.
investment	n. 投资，投资额	The project requires a significant financial investment.
invisible	a. 看不见的,无形的	Bacteria are invisible to the naked eye.
invitation	n. 邀请，招待；请柬	I received an invitation to their wedding next month.
invite	vt. 邀请，招待	They decided to invite all their friends to the party.
invoice	vt. 开发票;n. 发票,装货清单	Please send us the invoice for the goods as soon as possible.
involve	vt. 包含;使卷入;牵涉	The job involves a lot of travel around the country.
involved	adj.涉及的，复杂的	The situation is much more involved than we first thought.
involvement	n.卷入，涉足	His involvement in the project was essential for its success.
inward	ad. 向内，在内a. 向内的，在内的，里面的	She took a deep inward breath to calm herself down.
inwards	adv.向内的	The door opens inwards.
Ireland	n.爱尔兰	Dublin is the capital city of Ireland.
Irish	n. &adj.爱尔兰人(的)	He loves traditional Irish music and dancing.
iron	n. 铁，铁制品，烙铁，熨斗v. 熨(衣)，熨平	The bridge was built using high-quality structural iron.
ironical	adj.反讽的，讽刺的	It is ironical that the fire station burned down.
irony	n. 反话,冷嘲,讽刺性的事件、情况等	The irony of the situation was not lost on anyone.
irregular	a.不规则的；不整齐的	He has been suffering from an irregular heartbeat.
irregularity	n.不规则；不整齐	The audit revealed several financial irregularities in the accounts.
irresistible	adj.不可抗拒的	The smell of fresh coffee was completely irresistible.
irrespective	a. 不考虑的,不顾的	All students are welcome to apply, irrespective of their background.
irrevocable	adj.不可撤消的	The decision was final and irrevocable.
irrigate	vt. 灌溉，修水利vi. 进行灌溉	Farmers use water from the river to irrigate their crops.
irrigation	n. 灌溉	The irrigation system was broken, and the crops were starting to die.
irritate	vt. 激怒,使烦躁;使感到不适	The smoke from the fire began to irritate his eyes.
irritation	n.刺激，恼怒	The constant noise from the construction site was a source of great irritation.
Islam	n.伊斯兰教，回教	Islam is one of the world's major religions.
island	n. 岛，岛屿；(道路上的)交通安全岛	We spent our summer vacation on a beautiful Greek island.
isolate	vt. 隔离,孤立	The scientists managed to isolate the gene responsible for the disease.
isolation	n.隔离，孤立状态	The remote village lived in total isolation from the rest of the world.
issue	v. 分发,出版,发行;n. 出版,发行,问题	The company decided to issue a new set of guidelines.
it	pron. 它；[作无人称动词的主语	It is raining outside.
Italian	a.意大利的n.意大利人	We had a delicious Italian meal last night.
Italy	n.意大利	Italy is famous for its rich history and beautiful art.
itch	v. &n.痒，热望	My skin began to itch after I touched the plant.
item	n. 条款,项目,一条(新闻)	The store sells a variety of household items.
itemize	v.分列	The bill itemizes all the charges for the services provided.
its	pron.它的	The cat was washing its paws.
itself	pron. (it的反身代词)它自己，它本身	The problem will eventually resolve itself.
ivory	n. 象牙,象牙制品 a. 象牙色的	The keys of the old piano were made of real ivory.
jack	n.起重器；传动装置	He used a car jack to lift the vehicle and change the tire.
jacket	n. 短上衣，茄克衫	He wore a smart blue jacket to the meeting.
jail	n. 监狱	He was sent to jail for three years.
jam	v. 压紧,夹住;发生故障;塞进;干扰;n. 阻塞物;窘境	Traffic was stuck in a massive jam for hours.
January	n. 一月	January is the first month of the year.
Japan	n.日本，日本国	Tokyo is the capital city of Japan.
Japanese	a.日本的 n.日本人	She is studying Japanese language and culture at university.
jar	n. 罐坛，广口瓶	I bought a large jar of honey at the market.
jaw	n. 颌，颚	He was punched in the jaw during the fight.
jazz	n. 爵士乐	They went to a jazz club on Saturday night.
jealousy	n.妒忌，嫉妒，猜忌	His success was met with a lot of jealousy from his colleagues.
jealous	a. 妒忌的,妒羡的	He was jealous of his friend's new car.
jeans	n. 牛仔裤	He wore a pair of blue jeans and a T-shirt.
jelly	n.冻，果子冻；胶状物	The kids love to eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
jeep	n.吉普车	They took a jeep tour across the desert.
jeopardize	v.危及	The new project could jeopardize the company's future.
jerk	vt.猛地一拉vi.急拉	He gave the rope a sharp jerk to loosen the knot.
Jesus	n.耶稣	Jesus is the central figure of Christianity.
jet	n. 喷气发动机，喷气式飞机；喷口v. 喷出，喷射	The fighter jet streaked across the sky.
jettison	n.投弃货物v.抛弃	The crew had to jettison some of the cargo to lighten the ship.
Jew	n.犹太人	He is a prominent member of the local Jewish community.
jewel	n. 宝石，宝石饰物	The crown was set with hundreds of precious jewels.
jewelry	n. (总称)珠宝	She wore some expensive gold jewelry to the gala.
Jewish	a.犹太人的	The Jewish holiday of Hanukkah is celebrated in December.
jingle	vt.&vi.(使)丁当响	The coins in his pocket began to jingle as he walked.
job	n. 工作，职位；零活，一件工作；任务，职责	She is currently looking for a full-time job.
jobless	adj.失业的	The government is trying to help the jobless find new work.
jog	v./n. 轻推,轻撞;缓步前进,慢跑	He goes for a jog every morning before breakfast.
join	v. 参加，加入；联合，连接；和…在一起	Would you like to join us for dinner tonight?
joint	n. 接合处，接头；关节a. 联合的，共同的，连接的	The two companies announced a joint venture.
joke	n. 笑话，玩笑v. 说笑话，开玩笑	He told a very funny joke that had everyone laughing.
jot	v.匆匆记下	Let me jot down your phone number before I forget it.
journal	n. 定期刊物，杂志，日报；日志，日记	She publishes her research in an international scientific journal.
journalism	n.新闻体	He has a degree in journalism and works for a national newspaper.
journalist	n. 新闻工作者,记者	The journalist spent months investigating the corruption scandal.
journey	n. 旅行，旅程v. 旅行	The journey across the desert took several weeks.
joy	n. 欢乐，喜悦；乐事，乐趣	She cried tears of joy when she heard the news.
joyful	a.十分喜悦的，快乐的	It was a joyful occasion for the entire family.
judge	n. 法官；裁判员；鉴定人vt. 审判；评论，裁判	The judge sentenced the suspect to five years in prison.
judgement	n.意见；审判；判断	In my judgement, we should wait for more information before deciding.
jug	n. (有柄，小口，可盛水等的)大壶，罐，盂	She poured some milk from the jug into her glass.
juice	n. (水果等)汁，液	I'd like a glass of fresh orange juice, please.
juicy	adj.多汁的	The steak was tender and juicy.
July	n. 七月	The summer holidays usually begin in July.
jumble	v./n. 混杂,混乱,杂乱	The books were in a complete jumble on the shelf.
jump	v./n. 跳跃，跳动，跳过；暴涨，猛增	He managed to jump over the small creek.
junction	n. 交叉点,接合点	The accident took place at a busy road junction.
June	n. 六月	Midsummer's Day is in June.
jungle	n. 丛林,密林	The explorers set off into the deep jungle.
junior	n. 较年幼者;a. 较年幼的,等级较低的	He is a junior partner in a law firm.
Jupiter	n.丘庇特；木星	Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
jury	n. 陪审团	The jury found the defendant not guilty.
just	ad. 正好地；刚才；只不过a. 公正的，公平的	He has just arrived at the airport.
justice	n. 公正，公平；审判，司法	The organization is dedicated to fighting for social justice.
justifiable	adj.有理由的	His actions were considered justifiable under the circumstances.
justification	n.辩护，正当理由	There is no justification for such cruel behavior.
justify	vt. 证明…是正当的或有理的,为…辩护	How can you justify spending so much money on a car?
juvenile	a. 青少年的,幼稚的 n. 青少年	Juvenile delinquency is a major social problem in some areas.
kangaroo	n.带鼠	The kangaroo is a famous Australian animal.
keen	a. 锋利的,尖锐的,强烈的;敏锐的;渴望的	He has a keen interest in modern art.
keep	v. 保持，保存，遵守，经营，看守，拘留，维持	Please keep the door closed.
keeper	n.看护人；饲养员	He works as a zookeeper at the local zoo.
keeping	n.一致，协调	His actions were in keeping with his principles.
kernel	n. 果核,果仁,核心	The kernel of the argument was very simple.
kerosene	n.煤油	They used a kerosene lamp to light the room.
kettle	n. 水壶	I'll put the kettle on and make some tea.
key	n. 钥匙；答案；关键；键a. 主要的，关键的	I lost my house keys yesterday.
keyboard	n. 键盘vt. 用键盘输入(信息)	The keyboard has several broken keys.
keyhole	n.钥匙孔	He peeped through the keyhole to see who was inside.
kick	n./v. 踢	He gave the ball a powerful kick.
kid	n. 小孩，儿童v. 戏弄，取笑	He is just a kid and doesn't know any better.
kidnap	vt. 诱拐,绑架	The businessman was kidnapped and held for ransom.
kidnaper	n.绑架者	The kidnappers were eventually caught by the police.
kidney	n. 肾,腰子	The kidneys are responsible for filtering the blood.
kill	vt. 杀死，消灭；破坏，毁灭；消磨(时间)	The storm killed several people and caused a lot of damage.
killer	n.杀人者，杀手	The police are still searching for the killer.
kilo	n.(缩)公斤，公里	I bought two kilos of apples at the market.
kilogram	n. 千克	One kilogram is equal to 1,000 grams.
kilometer	n. 公里，千米(略作km)	The nearest town is about ten kilometers away.
kilowatt	n.千瓦(特)	The price of electricity is calculated per kilowatt hour.
kind	a. 仁慈的，友好的，亲切的，和蔼的n. 种类	It was very kind of you to help me with my bags.
kindergarten	n. 幼儿园	The children love playing with blocks in kindergarten.
kindle	v. 点燃,引起,激发	The speaker's words kindled a sense of hope in the audience.
kindly	adv.仁慈地，好心地	He kindly offered to drive me to the airport.
kindness	n. 仁慈，亲切；好意；友好行为	Thank you for your kindness and hospitality during my stay.
king	n. 君主，国王	The king ruled over a vast and powerful territory.
kingdom	n. 王国，领域	The lion is often called the king of the animal kingdom.
kiss	n./v. 吻，接吻	She gave her son a quick kiss before he left for school.
kit	n. (士兵,旅游者)所有装备,成套用具;vt. 发给装备	The nurse carried a first-aid kit in her bag.
kitchen	n. 厨房	The family gathered in the kitchen for a late-night snack.
kite	n. 风筝	The children spent the afternoon flying their kites in the park.
knee	n. 膝，膝盖	He fell and scraped his knee on the concrete.
kneel	v. 跪，下跪	They had to kneel on the floor to look under the bed.
knife	n. 刀，餐刀v. 用刀切，用匕首刺	He used a sharp knife to cut the bread.
knight	n.骑士，武士；爵士	In many stories, the brave knight rescues the princess.
knit	v. 编织;紧密结合	She decided to knit a warm sweater for the winter.
knob	n. 圆形把手,旋钮,圆形突出物	He turned the brass knob and opened the heavy door.
knock	v. 敲，敲打，碰撞n. 敲，击	I heard a knock at the door, but nobody was there.
knot	n. 绳结;结合;树节;海里;小群人;v. 打结	He tied a tight knot in the rope to secure the boat.
know	vt. 知道，了解；认识；识别vi. 知道，了解	I don't know how to solve this math problem.
know-how	n.专项技术，诀窍	The project requires a lot of technical know-how.
knowledge	n. 知识，学识；知道，了解	Books are a great source of knowledge and information.
knowledgeable	adj.博学的	He is very knowledgeable about ancient history.
lab	n.实验室，研究室	The scientists are conducting experiments in the research lab.
label	n. 标签v. 把…称为；用标签于；用标签标明	Please read the label carefully before using the product.
laboratory	n. 实验室	The laboratory is equipped with the latest scientific technology.
labor	n. 工作，劳动；劳力v. 劳动，苦干	The construction of the bridge required years of hard labor.
laborer	n.劳工，劳动者	Many skilled laborers were involved in building the new stadium.
labor-intensive	adj.劳动密集型的	Rice farming is a very labor-intensive process.
lace	n. 鞋带,花边	She wore a beautiful dress decorated with delicate white lace.
lack	n./v. 缺乏，不足	The company's failure was due to a lack of communication.
lad	n. 男孩，小伙子	He was a bright and energetic young lad.
ladder	n. 梯子，阶梯	He used a ladder to reach the top of the bookshelf.
lady	n. 女士，夫人	The lady who lives next door is very friendly.
lag	vi. 走得慢,落后;n. 相隔时间	The company's technology began to lag behind its competitors.
lake	n. 湖泊，湖水	We went for a boat ride on the quiet lake.
lamb	n. 小羊,羊羔肉	The little lamb was following its mother across the field.
lame	a. 跛的,瘸的;不能说服人的;vt. 使跛	The horse was lame and could no longer participate in the race.
lamp	n. 灯	She turned on the lamp to read her book.
land	n. 陆地，土地，国家v. (使)靠岸(登陆，降落)	The plane landed safely at the airport.
landed	adj.卸货的	The cargo was landed at the port early this morning.
landing	n.上岸，登陆，着陆	The pilot made a perfect landing despite the heavy fog.
landlady	n. 女房东，女地主	The landlady came to collect the rent on Monday morning.
landlord	n. 房东，地主	Our landlord is very responsive to any repair requests.
landscape	n. 风景,景色;风景画	The rolling hills formed a beautiful landscape.
lane	n. 小径,巷,行车道	The car was driving in the fast lane of the highway.
Langkap	冷甲(马来西亚霹雳洲内一地方名)	Langkap is a small town in the state of Perak, Malaysia.
language	n. 语言，术语，(运用语言的)方式、风格	English is a global language spoken by millions of people.
lantern	n. 灯，灯笼	They carried a lantern to light their way through the dark forest.
lap	n. (跑道的)一圈;腰以下及大腿的前面部分;vt. (赛跑中)比(某人)领先一圈;轻拍	The baby fell asleep on his mother's lap.
lapse	n. 小错,记错;(时间)流逝	He had a sudden lapse of memory and forgot his own phone number.
large	a. 大的，广大的，大规模的	The company made a large profit this year.
largely	ad. 主要地，基本上；大量地，大规模地	The success of the project was largely due to his hard work.
lark	n.云雀，百灵鸟	We heard the song of a lark early in the morning.
laser	n. 激光	Lasers are used in many modern medical procedures.
last	a. 最后的，刚过去的ad. 最后n. 最后v. 持续	December is the last month of the year.
lasting	adj.持久的，持续的	The experience had a lasting impact on her life.
late	a. 迟的，晚的，晚期的；已故的ad. 迟，晚	I'm sorry I'm late; the traffic was terrible.
lately	ad. 最近，不久前	I haven't seen much of him lately.
latent	a. 潜伏的,潜在的	The disease can remain latent in the body for many years.
later	ad. 后来，过后	I'll call you back later this afternoon.
lateral	a. 侧面的,旁边的	The tree has several large lateral branches.
lathe	n.车床vt.用车床加工	The machinist used a lathe to shape the metal part.
Latin	a. 拉丁的，拉丁文的n. 拉丁语	Latin is the ancestor of many modern European languages.
latitude	n. 纬度;地区;(言论,行动的)自由	The captain calculated the ship's latitude and longitude.
latter	a. 后者的；后一半的，接近终了的n. 后者	He offered me tea or coffee, and I chose the latter.
lattice	n.格子；点阵，网络	The garden was surrounded by a decorative wooden lattice.
laugh	v. 笑；(on)讥笑n. 笑，笑声	He told a funny joke that made everyone laugh.
laughter	n. 笑，笑声	The sound of children's laughter filled the playground.
launch	v. 使(船)下水,发射(火箭);开始,开办;n. (船)下水,汽艇	The company plans to launch a new product next month.
laundry	n. 洗衣店,要洗的衣物	I need to do my laundry on Sunday afternoon.
lavatory	n. 厕所，盥洗室	The lavatories are located at the end of the hall.
law	n. 法律，法规，法学，规律，定律	Everyone must obey the law, regardless of their position.
lawful	adj.合法的，法律的	The police were carrying out their lawful duties.
lawn	n. 草地,草坪	The kids were playing football on the green lawn.
lawyer	n. 律师	If you have legal problems, you should consult a lawyer.
lay	v. 放,放置,安置,下蛋	Please lay the table for dinner.
layday	n.装卸日期	The contract specifies the number of laydays allowed for loading the cargo.
layer	n. 层	The cake has three layers of chocolate and cream.
layout	n. 布置,设计	The layout of the new office is very efficient.
laziness	n.懒惰	His failure was due to his own laziness and lack of effort.
lazy	a. 懒惰的，懒散的	He is too lazy to finish his homework.
l/c	n.(缩)信用证	The buyer opened a letter of credit (L/C) to guarantee the payment.
le	adv.引导，领先，率领	He led the team to a stunning victory.
leader	n.领袖，领导人；首领	A good leader inspires confidence in his team.
leadership	n. 领导	The country needs strong and visionary leadership.
leading	a. 领导的，指导的；第一位的；最主要的	He is a leading expert in the field of artificial intelligence.
leaf	n. 叶子；(书刊的)一页，一张；金属薄片	The trees lose their leaves in autumn.
leaflet	n. 散页的印刷品,传单	They were distributing leaflets about the local environmental campaign.
league	n. 同盟，联盟；联合会，社团	The local football league consists of twelve teams.
leak	n. 漏洞,泄漏	I think there is a leak in the water pipe.
leakage	n.漏，泄漏；漏出物	The company is trying to prevent the leakage of sensitive data.
lean	v. 倾斜，屈身；倚，靠，依赖a. 瘦的，无脂肪的	He leaned against the wall and waited for the bus.
leap	v. 扑向,欣然接受;n. 跳,跃	The cat managed to leap over the garden fence.
learn	v. 学习，学，学会；(of，about)听到，获悉	I'm trying to learn how to speak Spanish.
learned	a. 博学的，有学问的	The professor is a very learned and respected man.
learner	n.学习者，学生	English is a difficult language for many learners.
learning	n. 知识，学问；学习	Learning a new language takes time and patience.
lease	n. 租约;vt. 出租	We signed a two-year lease for the apartment.
least	a. 最小的；最少的ad. 最小；最少	That's the least I can do to help.
leather	n. 皮革，皮革制品	She bought a new pair of black leather boots.
leave	v. 离开；留下，忘带；让，听任；交付n. 许可；假期	I'll leave the keys on the kitchen table.
lecture	n./v. 演讲，讲课	The professor gave an interesting lecture on modern art.
lecturer	n.演讲者，讲师	He works as a senior lecturer at the local university.
leeway	adj.活动余地	The budget allows for some leeway in case of unexpected costs.
left	n. 左面，左方a. 左边的，左面的；在左方的	Turn left at the next traffic lights.
left-handed	adj.左手的，左侧的	She is left-handed and writes with her left hand.
leftover	n.剩余物	We had leftovers from dinner for our lunch today.
leg	n. 腿，腿部；支柱；(旅程的)一段，一站	He broke his leg while he was skiing.
legal	a. 法律的	You should consult a lawyer for legal advice.
legend	n. 传说，传奇	The story of King Arthur is a famous British legend.
legendary	adj.传说的，传奇的	She is a legendary figure in the world of fashion.
legislation	n. 法律(规)；立法，法律的制定(或通过)	The government is introducing new legislation to protect the environment.
legitimate	a. 合法的,合理的	The company has a legitimate reason for its decision.
leisure	n. 空闲，闲暇；悠闲，安逸	What do you like to do in your leisure time?
lemon	n. 柠檬	Add a slice of lemon to your tea for extra flavor.
lemonade	n.柠檬汽水	A glass of cold lemonade is very refreshing on a hot day.
lend	vt. 借给，贷(款)	Can you lend me your pen for a second?
lending	n.贷款，借款	The bank has increased its lending to small businesses.
length	n. 长，长度；一段，一节，程度，范围	The length of the pool is twenty-five meters.
lengthen	vt.使延长vi.变长	The days begin to lengthen as spring approaches.
Leninism	n.列宁主义	He spent years studying the principles of Leninism.
lens	n. 透镜,(眼睛)水晶体	He bought a new wide-angle lens for his camera.
leopard	n.豹	The leopard is a powerful and agile predator.
less	a./ad. 更少的(地)，更小的(地)	I have less free time now than I used to.
lessen	vt.减少，减轻；缩小	The medicine helped to lessen the pain in his leg.
lesson	n. (功)课；[pl.	I have a piano lesson every Tuesday afternoon.
lest	conj. 惟恐，免得	He wrote down the address lest he should forget it.
let	v. 让，允许，听任；设，假设；出租，租给	Please let me know if you can come to the party.
letter	n. 信，函件；字母，文字	I received a long letter from my best friend today.
level	n. 水平，水准，等级v. 弄平，铺平a. 水平的	The water level in the lake has risen after the rain.
lever	n. 杆,杠杆;施加影响的手段;vt. 用杠杆移动	He used a lever to lift the heavy rock.
levy	v./n. 征收,征税	The government decided to levy a new tax on sugar.
liability	n. 责任，义务；(pl.)债务	The company's liabilities are much higher than its assets.
liable	a. 有…倾向的;可能遭受…的;有责任的,有义务的	You are liable for any damage you cause to the car.
liar	n.说谎的人	Don't believe him; he's a compulsive liar.
liberal	a. 慷慨的,大方的,胸怀宽大的;n. 自由主义者	He has very liberal views on social issues.
liberate	vt. 解放，释放	The city was liberated after years of occupation.
liberation	n.解放	The organization is fighting for the liberation of women.
liberty	n. 自由，自由权；特权	Individual liberty is a core value of democracy.
librarian	n. 图书管理员	The librarian helped me find the books I was looking for.
library	n. 图书馆；藏书室；藏书，丛书，文库	I need to go to the library to study.
license	n. 许可证，执照v. 准许，认可	He finally got his driver's license last week.
lick	v./n. 舔;(火焰)卷过;(波浪)轻拍	The dog began to lick my hand.
lid	n. 盖	Please put the lid back on the jar.
lie	vi. 躺，平放；处于；位于v. 说谎n. 谎话	I decided to lie down for a short nap.
lieutenant	n.陆军中尉；副职官员	The lieutenant ordered his troops to advance.
life	n. 生命，生存；一生，寿命；生活；生物	The discovery of water suggests there might be life on Mars.
lifetime	n. 一生，终生	She has spent a lifetime dedicated to scientific research.
lift	v. 升起，举起，消散n. 电梯，上升，免费搭车	Can you help me lift this heavy box?
light	a. 明亮的,轻的,不重要的 n. 光,光线,光源	He carried a light bag for the weekend trip.
lighten	vt.照亮，使明亮	The news helped to lighten his mood.
lighter	n.打火机，引燃器	Do you have a cigarette lighter?
lighthouse	n.灯塔	The lighthouse warned ships of the nearby rocks.
lightly	ad.轻轻地，轻松地	She tapped him lightly on the shoulder.
lightning	n. 闪电a. 闪电般的，快速的	A bright flash of lightning lit up the sky.
like	v. 喜欢prep. 象；比如a. 相象的n. 象…一样	I like to listen to classical music in the evenings.
likelihood	n. 可能性	There is a high likelihood that it will rain tomorrow.
likely	a. 很可能的，有希望的ad. 大概，多半	It's likely that the meeting will be postponed.
likeness	n.同样；类似，相似	There is a strong likeness between the two brothers.
likewise	ad. 同样地,也	If you're going to the party, I'll go likewise.
liking	n.兴趣，嗜好	She has a strong liking for spicy food.
lily	n.百合，百合花，睡莲	The pond was covered in beautiful white water lilies.
limb	n. 肢,臂,翼,大树枝	He climbed onto a low limb of the tree.
lime	n.石灰	Farmers often spread lime on the fields to improve the soil.
limestone	n.石灰石	The house was built of local limestone.
limit	n. 界限，限度，范围v. (to)限制，限定	There is a speed limit of fifty kilometers per hour here.
limitation	n. 限制，局限性	The new software has several limitations.
limited	a. 有限的，被限制的	The company offers a limited warranty on its products.
limousine	n.豪华轿车	The celebrity arrived at the gala in a long black limousine.
limp	a. 柔软的,软弱的;vt./n. 跛行,蹒跚	He was walking with a slight limp after the accident.
line	n. 线；路线，航线；排；线路；界线v. 排队；加衬	Please sign your name on the dotted line.
linear	a. 线的,直线的,长度的	The relationship between price and demand is not always linear.
linen	n. 亚麻布,衬衣裤	She wore a white linen dress on the hot summer day.
liner	n. 大客轮;衬里	The Titanic was a famous luxury ocean liner.
linger	vi. 逗留,徘徊;动作迟缓;苟延残喘	The smell of the flowers lingered in the room long after they were gone.
linguist	n.语言学者	He is a brilliant linguist who speaks seven languages fluently.
linguistics	n.语言学	She is studying linguistics at the University of Cambridge.
lining	n.(衣服里的)衬里	The jacket has a soft silk lining.
link	v. 连接，联系n. 环节，链环	The new bridge will link the two cities together.
lion	n. 狮子	The lion is known as the king of the jungle.
lioness	n.母狮子	The lioness was hunting for food for her cubs.
lip	n. 嘴唇	He bit his lip in frustration.
lipstick	n.唇膏，口红	She applied some red lipstick before leaving the house.
liquid	n. 液体a. 液体的，液态的	Water is a common liquid at room temperature.
liquor	n. 酒,酒类	Excessive consumption of hard liquor can be harmful to your health.
list	n. 表，目录，名单v. 把…编列成表，列入表内	I made a list of all the things we need to buy.
listen	vi. 倾听(与介词to并用，方可置宾语)	Please listen carefully to the instructions.
listener	n.听者，听众之一	He is a very good listener and always pays attention.
literacy	n. 识字,读写能力	The program aims to improve adult literacy in the region.
literal	a.文字(上)的；字面的	You should take his words in their literal sense.
literally	ad. 照字义地,逐字地	He literally ran across the whole city to get here on time.
literary	a. 文学上的，文学的；精通文学的，从事写作的	She is a well-known literary critic for a national newspaper.
literate	n.有文化的	Most of the population in the city is highly literate.
literature	n. 文学,文学作品,文献,著作	He has a great passion for classic English literature.
litre	n.公升	I bought two litres of milk at the store.
litter	n. 杂乱物;一胎生下的小动物;v. 使杂乱,乱丢东西	Please do not litter in the park; use the bins provided.
little	a. 小，幼小；不多的ad./n. 不多，几乎没有	She was a cute little girl with long brown hair.
live	v. 活,生活 a. 有生命的,实况的	Many rare species of birds live in this forest.
livelihood	n.生活	Fishing is the main livelihood for the local community.
lively	a. 活泼的，活跃的；栩栩如生的，真实的	The market was a very lively and colorful place.
liver	n. 肝，肝脏	The liver is an essential organ for filtering the blood.
livestock	n. 家畜,牲畜	The farmer is busy taking care of his livestock.
living	a. 活的，有生命的，天然的，逼真的n. 生活，生计	Living conditions in the city have improved significantly.
living-room	n. 起居室	The family was gathered in the living-room watching television.
load	v. 装(货)，装载n. 装载(量)，负荷(量)；(一)担	He helped me load the heavy boxes into the truck.
loaf	n. 一块面包,块,团 v. 消磨时间	I bought a fresh loaf of bread at the bakery.
loan	n. 借出物,贷款,借出;v. 借	He applied for a bank loan to start his new business.
lobby	n. 门廊,门厅;院外活动集团;v. 对(议员等)游说活动	We waited for him in the hotel lobby.
lobster	n.龙虾	We had a delicious lobster dinner at the seafood restaurant.
local	a. 地方的，当地的；局部的	He is a local hero who saved several people from the fire.
locality	n. 地区,地方	The new hospital will serve the entire local locality.
locate	v. 查出，探出，查找…地点，使…坐落于，位于	The police managed to locate the missing child within an hour.
location	n. 位置，场所，定位，测位	The location of the new office is very convenient.
lock	n. 锁v. 锁，锁上	Don't forget to lock the door when you leave.
lock-up	n.锁，固定资本	The company has a lot of its capital in lock-up investments.
locomotive	a. 运动的,移动的 n. 火车头	Steam locomotives were replaced by diesel ones over time.
locust	n.蝗虫；洋槐，刺槐	A swarm of locusts destroyed all the crops in the area.
lodge	v. 临时住宿，寄宿，寄存，容纳n. 传达室，小旅馆	They decided to lodge at a small inn in the mountains.
lodging	n. 寄宿,住所,(大学生的)校外宿舍	He is currently looking for suitable lodging near the university.
lofty	a. 高耸的;崇高的;高傲的	He has very lofty goals for his future career.
log	n. 原木,圆木;v. 把…记入航行日志	We sat by the fire and watched the logs burn.
logic	n. 逻辑,逻辑学,条理性	The decision was based more on logic than on emotion.
logical	a. 逻辑的，符合逻辑的	It was a logical conclusion based on the evidence provided.
loneliness	n.孤独，寂寞	She suffered from intense loneliness after her children moved away.
lonely	a. 孤独的，寂寞的；荒凉的，人迹稀少的	The old man felt very lonely in the large empty house.
lonesome	adj.寂寞的	She sang a lonesome tune about her lost love.
long	a. 长的，长时间的，长期的ad. 长久，长期地	We took a long walk in the park on Sunday afternoon.
longevity	n.长寿	A healthy diet and regular exercise are essential for longevity.
longing	n.渴望a.显示渴望的	She had a deep longing to return to her homeland.
longitude	n. 经度	The captain checked the ship's longitude using the stars.
long-term	adj.长期的	The company is looking for a long-term solution to the problem.
look	vi./n. 看，注视v. 好像，显得n. 外表，脸色	Please look at the board while I'm explaining the problem.
loom	vi. 隐隐呈现,赫然耸现;n. 织机,织造(术)	A large mountain loomed ahead of us in the distance.
loop	n. 环状物,绳圈,环;v. 绕成圈	The road forms a large loop around the city.
loose	a. (宽)松的；不精确的；自由的，散漫的	The screw is loose and needs to be tightened.
loosen	v. 解开，放松	He decided to loosen his tie after the long meeting.
lord	n. (Lord)上帝，主；主人，长官，君主，贵族	The lord of the manor welcomed the guests to his home.
lorry	n. 卡车，运货汽车	A large lorry was parked in front of the warehouse.
lose	v. 丢失，迷路，输掉，亏本，失败，走慢，使沉湎于	I hope I don't lose my keys again.
loss	n. 丧失，遗失；损失，损耗，亏损；失败	The company suffered a significant financial loss last year.
lost	adj.失去的	The lost child was found safely in the park.
lot	n. 许多，大量；签，抽签；命运；场地	We have a lot of work to do before the deadline.
lottery	n. 彩票;抽彩给奖法	She won a large sum of money in the national lottery.
loud	a. 大声的，响亮的；吵闹的，喧嚣的	The music was so loud that we couldn't hear each other speak.
loudness	n.响亮	The loudness of the siren startled everyone.
loudspeaker	n. 扬声器，扩音器	The announcement was made over the public loudspeaker.
lounge	vi. 懒洋洋地倚、躺;闲逛;n. 懒洋洋的姿势;休息室	We waited for our flight in the airport lounge.
lovable	adj.可爱的	He is a very lovable and friendly child.
love	n. 爱，爱情，喜欢vt. 爱，热爱；爱好，喜欢	They expressed their mutual love for each other.
lovely	a. 可爱的，好看的；令人愉快的，美好的	We had a lovely time at the beach on Sunday.
lover	n. 爱好者；(pl.)情侣	He is a passionate lover of classical music.
low	a. 低，矮；低级的，下层的，卑贱的；低声的	The water level in the river is very low this year.
lower	a. 较低的，下级的，下游的v. 降下，放低	Prices are lower in the winter than in the summer.
loyal	a. 忠诚的	He is a loyal friend who is always there for you.
loyalty	n. 忠诚，忠心	The company values the loyalty of its long-term employees.
lubricate	vt. 使润滑,使顺利	The mechanic needs to lubricate the car's engine.
lubrication	n.润滑	Regular lubrication is essential for the smooth running of the machine.
luck	n. 运气；好运，侥幸	I wish you the best of luck with your new job.
lucky	a. 幸运的，侥幸的	He was lucky to escape the accident without any injuries.
luggage	n. 行李，皮箱	We checked in our luggage at the airport.
lumber	n. 木材，木料	The company sells high-quality lumber for construction.
luminous	a.发光的；光明的	The stars looked like luminous diamonds in the night sky.
lump	n. 团,块,肿块;vt. 合在一起,结块	There was a small lump on his arm that he wanted the doctor to check.
lump sum	n.总数	The contractor was paid in a single lump sum.
lunar	a. 月的,似月的	The lunar landing in 1969 was a historic event.
lunch	n. 午餐，(美)便餐	What are we having for lunch today?
luncheon	n.午宴，午餐，便宴	A formal luncheon was held in honor of the visiting president.
lung	n. 肺	Smoking can cause serious damage to your lungs.
luxurious	a.爱好奢侈的，豪华的	They stayed in a luxurious hotel during their holiday.
luxury	n. 奢侈,奢侈品	Living in such a large house is a luxury few can afford.
machine	n. 机器，机械v. 用机器加工	The washing machine is broken and needs to be fixed.
machinery	n. (总称)机器，机械	The factory uses advanced machinery to produce its products.
mackintosh	n. (英国英语)雨衣;苹果计算机的 一种型号	He wore a smart yellow mackintosh on the rainy day.
macroeconomics	n.宏观经济学	Macroeconomics deals with the behavior of the economy as a whole.
mad	a. 发疯的；狂热的，着迷的；恼火的，生气的	He was absolutely mad with rage when he heard the news.
madam	n. 夫人，太太，女士	May I help you, madam?
madman	n.疯子	He was screaming like a madman in the middle of the street.
madness	n.疯狂，疯病	His decision to jump into the cold water was pure madness.
magazine	n. 杂志，期刊	I enjoy reading fashion magazines in my spare time.
magic	n. 魔术，魔(魅)力，巫术a. 有魔力的，魔术的	The magician performed several amazing tricks during the show.
magician	n.魔法师；变戏法的人	The children were enthralled by the magician's performance.
magistrate	n. 地方法官	The case was heard by a local magistrate.
magnet	n. 磁体，磁铁	Iron is attracted to a magnet.
magnetic	a. 磁的，有磁性的；有吸引力的	The earth has a powerful magnetic field.
magnetism	n.磁；魅力；催眠术	He has a certain personal magnetism that attracts everyone.
magnificent	a. 宏伟的,壮丽的	The view from the top of the mountain was absolutely magnificent.
magnify	vt. 放大,扩大;夸大,夸张	A microscope is used to magnify very small objects.
magnitude	n. 大小;重要性;量级	The magnitude of the earthquake was 7.5 on the Richter scale.
maid	n. 少女，处女，女仆	The hotel maid came to clean the room every morning.
maiden	n.(文学)少女,未嫁女子; a. 未婚女子的,初次的,处女的	The ship set off on its maiden voyage.
mail	n. 邮件v. 邮寄	I received several letters in the mail today.
mailbox	n.信箱	Please leave the parcel in the mailbox if I'm not home.
main	a. 主要的，总的n. 总管道；干线	The main reason for the delay was the bad weather.
mainland	n. 大陆，本土	We took a ferry from the island back to the mainland.
mainly	ad.主要地，大体上	The success of the project was mainly due to her hard work.
mainstream	n.主流	The new technology has now entered the mainstream of society.
maintain	vt. 维持;抚养;坚持;维修	It is important to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
maintenance	n. 维修，保养，维持，保持，生活费用	Regular maintenance is essential to keep the machine running smoothly.
maize	n. 玉米	In many parts of the world, maize is a staple food crop.
majesty	n. 雄伟，壮丽，庄严，威严；最高权威，王权	The mountains stood in all their majesty against the blue sky.
major	a. 主要的n. 成年人，专业学生，主修课程v. 主修	He decided to major in economics at university.
majority	n. 多数;多得票数,法定年龄	The majority of the committee voted in favor of the new proposal.
make	n. (产品)来源，制法vt. 制造，做成，准备	She learned how to make bread from her grandmother.
maker	n.制造者，制造商	He is a well-known maker of traditional musical instruments.
make-shift	adj.临时的n.权宜之计	They built a make-shift shelter using branches and leaves.
make-up	n.气质，化妆品	She spent a lot of money on expensive make-up.
malady	n.病	The doctor struggled to find a cure for the mysterious malady.
malaria	n.疟疾	Malaria is a serious disease transmitted by mosquitoes.
malaise	n.不舒服	He suffered from a general sense of malaise and fatigue.
Malaysia	n.马来西亚	Kuala Lumpur is the capital city of Malaysia.
male	n./a. 男性(的)，雄性(的)	The male bird has much brighter feathers than the female.
malice	n. 恶意,怨恨	He bore no malice towards his former business partner.
malicious	adj.恶意的	The computer was infected by a malicious virus.
man	n. 人；人类(单数，不加冠词)；男人	The old man sat on the park bench and watched the children play.
manage	v. 经营，管理，处理；设法，对付；操纵，运用	She managed to finish the project ahead of schedule.
management	n. 经营，管理；处理，操纵；管理部门	The company's management decided to implement new security rules.
manager	n. 经理，管理人	The store manager dealt with the customer's complaint personally.
managerial	adj.管理的	He is looking for a job with more managerial responsibilities.
manhood	n.男子气	The initiation ceremony marked his transition into manhood.
manifest	a. 明白的,明显的;vt. 显示,出现	His unhappiness was manifest in his facial expression.
manifestation	n.表明	The protest was a clear manifestation of the people's anger.
manifesto	n.宣言	The political party published its election manifesto yesterday.
manipulate	vt. 操纵,控制;(熟练地)操作,使用	He was accused of trying to manipulate the stock market.
manipulation	n.操纵，操作	The manipulation of the data led to incorrect conclusions.
mankind	n. 人类	Space exploration is one of the greatest achievements of mankind.
manly	a.男子气概的，果断的	He was praised for his manly and courageous behavior.
manner	n. 方式；举止；(pl.)风度，礼貌；规矩；风俗	He has a very polite and professional manner.
mansion	n. 大厦,官邸	The wealthy businessman lived in a magnificent mansion on the hill.
manual	a. 手工的,用手的;n. 手册;便览	The assembly of the furniture requires manual labor.
manufacture	vt. 大量制造加工; n. (大量)制造;产品	The company manufactures electronic components for smartphones.
manufactured	adj.制成的	The store sells a wide variety of manufactured goods.
manufacturer	n.制造商	He is a leading manufacturer of high-quality sports equipment.
manuscript	n.	The author submitted the first draft of his manuscript to the publisher.
many	a. 许多的，多的pron. 许多人或物，许多	Many people believe that exercise is good for your health.
map	n. 地图，图vt. 在地图上标示出，绘制地图	We used a map to find our way through the forest.
maple	n.槭树，枫树	The maple leaves turned bright red in the autumn.
marble	n. 大理石,(游戏用的)玻璃弹子	The floor of the palace was made of white marble.
march	v. (使)行军，(使)行进n. 行军，行程	The soldiers began to march towards the border.
margin	n. (页边)空白;边缘;(时间,金钱)多余	He wrote some notes in the margin of his book.
marginal	a. 记在页边的，旁注的；(意识)边缘的	The difference between the two results was only marginal.
marine	a. 海的,海运的;n. 船舶;海运业	The museum has a collection of ancient marine artifacts.
mariner	n.海员，水手	The old mariner told us stories of his travels at sea.
mark	n. 痕迹；记号；分数v. 标记，打分，使有特色	She got a high mark on her English exam.
marked	adj.有标记的，标明的	There has been a marked improvement in his health lately.
market	n. 集市，市场；销路，需求(量)v. 销售	We went to the local market to buy some fresh vegetables.
marketable	adj.有销路的	The new technology is highly marketable and has attracted a lot of interest.
marketing	n.市场学，营销学	She has a degree in international marketing and business.
marketplace	n.市场，集市	The internet has become a global marketplace for all kinds of goods.
marking	n.唛头，标记	The bird has very distinctive markings on its wings.
marriage	n. 结婚，婚姻；结婚仪式	They celebrated their twenty-fifth marriage anniversary last week.
married	a. 已婚的，夫妇的；(to)与…结婚的	He has been married to his wife for over forty years.
marry	v. 结婚，嫁，娶	They decided to get married in a small ceremony in the country.
mars	n.火星；战争	Scientists are searching for evidence of life on Mars.
marsh	n.沼泽地，湿地	The area is mostly marsh and is home to many rare birds.
marshal	n.元帅；陆军元帅	The marshal led the victory parade through the city.
martyr	n. 烈士,殉难者;vt. 杀害,折磨,牺牲	He was seen as a martyr for the cause of freedom.
marvel	n.奇迹；惊奇vt.惊奇	We spent the afternoon marvelling at the beautiful scenery.
marvellous	adj.奇异的，绝妙的	The performance was absolutely marvellous and received a standing ovation.
Marxism	n.马克思主义	He spent years studying the economic theories of Marxism.
Marxist	a. 马克思主义的n. 马克思主义者	The group was accused of promoting Marxist ideas.
masculine	a. 男性的;男子气概的	He has a very deep and masculine voice.
mask	n. 面具,口罩;vt. 遮蔽,伪装	Everyone had to wear a mask during the pandemic.
mass	n. 大量，众多；团，块；(pl.)群众，民众；质量	A mass of people gathered in the square to hear the speech.
massacre	n./vt. 大屠杀,残杀	The massacre of innocent civilians was condemned by the world.
massage	n.按摩，推拿	A good massage can help to reduce stress and tension.
massive	a. 大而重的;大量的,大规模的	The company suffered a massive financial loss last year.
mass media	n.传媒工具，新闻界	The mass media has a major influence on public opinion.
mast	n.桅杆；杆vt.扯帆	The ship's mast was broken during the heavy storm.
master	n. 男主人；师傅；硕士v. 精通，控制a. 主要的	He is a master of several different musical instruments.
masterpiece	n. 杰作，名著	The painting is considered a masterpiece of modern art.
mat	n. 席子，垫子	Please wipe your feet on the mat before entering.
match	n. 火柴；比赛，竞赛；对手，配偶v. 匹配，相称	The two colors match each other perfectly.
mate	n. 伙伴，同事，同伴，配偶v. 结伴，配对，交配	The swan was searching for its mate.
material	n. 材料，原料，资料a. 物质的，肉体的，实质性的	This fabric is made of a soft and durable material.
materialism	n.唯物主义	The philosopher criticized the growing materialism of modern society.
materialize	v.使具体化，物质化	Our plans for the holiday finally began to materialize.
mathematical	a. 数学的；数学上的	The theory is based on a complex mathematical model.
mathematics	n. 数学	She is studying advanced mathematics at university.
mathematician	n.数字家	Isaac Newton was a brilliant mathematician and physicist.
maths	n.(英)数学	I always found maths to be a very difficult subject.
matinee	n.日场演出	We went to see a matinee performance of the new play.
matter	n. 物质，物体；毛病，麻烦；事情v. 有关系，要紧	It doesn't matter what time you arrive, as long as you're there.
mattress	n.床垫	The new mattress is very comfortable and provides good support.
mature	vt. 使成熟,使成长;a. 成熟的,充分发展的	He is very mature for his age and takes his responsibilities seriously.
maturity	n.成熟，到期	The investment will reach maturity in five years.
maximize	v.增加到最大程度	The company is trying to maximize its profits this year.
maximum	n. 最大量,最大限度	The maximum speed limit on this road is one hundred kilometers per hour.
may	aux./v. 可能，也许；可以，被允许；祝，愿	May I help you with those heavy bags?
maybe	adv. 可能；大概；也许	Maybe we can go to the beach tomorrow if the weather is fine.
mayor	n. 市长	The mayor announced a new plan to improve public transport.
me	pron.我	Could you please pass the salt to me?
meadow	n. 草地	A small herd of cows was grazing in the green meadow.
meal	n. 膳食，一餐	What is your favorite meal of the day?
mean	a. 吝啬的;卑鄙的;刻毒的;难看的,破旧的;平庸的; n. 中间,平均数;v. 想要,打算	What does this word mean?
meaning	n. 意思，意义，含义；重要性，价值	The poem has a very deep and significant meaning.
means	n. 方法，手段	The internet is a powerful means of communication.
meantime	n. 其间，其时ad. 同时，当时	The doctor will be here soon; in the meantime, please wait here.
meanwhile	n. 其时，其间ad. 当时，与此同时	I'll go to the store; meanwhile, you can start cooking dinner.
measure	n. 量度,分量,尺寸,量具,行动,步骤	We need to take measures to reduce pollution in the city.
measurement	n.衡量，测量；尺寸	The scientist took careful measurements of the temperature change.
meat	n. (食用)肉类	He decided to stop eating meat and become a vegetarian.
mechanic	n. 技工，机修工	We took the car to the mechanic to have the engine checked.
mechanical	a. 机械的，由机构制成的；机械似的，呆板的	The toy works using a simple mechanical movement.
mechanically	ad.机械地	He went through the motions of his job quite mechanically.
mechanics	n.力学；技术性细节	He has a good understanding of the mechanics of the engine.
mechanism	n. 机械装置;办法,途径;机制,机理	The clock's mechanism is very complex and delicate.
medal	n. 奖章,纪念章	He was awarded a gold medal for his achievements in science.
medical	a. 医学的，医疗的，医药的；内科的	The patient needs urgent medical attention.
medicine	n. 内服药，医药；医术；医学，内科学	The doctor prescribed some medicine for my cough.
medieval	a. 中世纪的，中古(时代)的，老式的，原始的	The city has a beautiful medieval cathedral in its center.
meditate	vt. 考虑,沉思;冥想	He sat quietly by the lake to meditate.
meditation	n. 熟虑；(尤指宗教的)默想，沉思；(pl.)冥想录	Meditation can help to reduce stress and anxiety.
Mediterranean	n.地中海 a.地中海的	We spent our summer vacation on the Mediterranean coast.
medium	n. 媒介,艺术形式;中庸,适中;借以生存之物(或环境);a. 中等的,中庸的	The internet is a powerful medium for spreading information.
meek	a. 温顺的,谦逊的	He is a very meek and mild-mannered person.
meet	n. 会，集会v. 遇见；会谈；迎接；满足；符合	I'll meet you in front of the cinema at 7 PM.
meeting	n. 会议，集合，汇合，会见，接见，汇合点	The committee is having its weekly meeting this afternoon.
melancholy	n. 忧郁,悲哀;a. 忧郁的,令人伤感的	The news of the accident cast a melancholy shadow over the day.
melody	n. 旋律，曲调；悦耳的音乐	The birds sang a beautiful melody early in the morning.
melon	n. 甜瓜	I bought a fresh and juicy melon at the market.
melt	v. (使)融化，(使)熔化	The snow began to melt as the temperature rose.
member	n. 成员，会员	He has been a member of the sports club for three years.
membership	n. 会员资格，成员资格	The gym offers a variety of different membership options.
memo	n. 备忘录	I sent a quick memo to all staff about the upcoming meeting.
memoir	n.回忆录	The retired politician decided to write his memoirs.
memorial	a. 记忆的，纪念的n. 纪念物，纪念碑，纪念馆	A memorial was erected in the park to honor the fallen soldiers.
memorize	v.记住，记忆	You need to memorize all the vocabulary for the test.
memory	n. 记忆，记忆力；回忆；存储(器)	She has a very good memory for names and faces.
menace	n. 威胁,威吓;具有危险性的人(或物);vt. 威胁,威吓	The heavy clouds were a menace to our plans for a picnic.
mend	v. 修理，缝补；改正，改进	Can you help me mend this broken fence, please?
mental	a. 精神的，思想的，心理的，智力的，脑力的	A healthy diet is important for both physical and mental health.
mentality	n. 智力,心理状态	The new policy reflects a change in the company's mentality.
mention	v./n. 提及，说起	Did he happen to mention where he was going?
menu	n. 菜单	Could I have a look at the menu, please?
merchandise	n. 商品，货物	The store sells a wide variety of merchandise, including clothes and electronics.
merchant	n. 商人，零售商	The city has been a major center for merchants for centuries.
mercantile	a. 贸易的,商业的	The country has a long and successful mercantile tradition.
merciful	a.仁慈的，宽大的	The judge decided to be merciful and gave him a lighter sentence.
mercury	n. 水银，汞	Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.
mercy	n. 怜悯,宽恕	They pleaded for mercy after they were caught.
mere	a. 纯粹的；仅仅，只不过	It was a mere coincidence that we met at the airport.
merely	adv. 仅仅，只不过	I'm merely suggesting that we should wait for more information.
merge	vt./vi. (企业)兼并,合并	The two companies decided to merge to form a larger corporation.
merit	n. 价值,优点,功绩;vt. 应收,值得	The proposal has a lot of merit and should be considered carefully.
mermaid	n.美人鱼	In many stories, the mermaid is a mythical creature with the tail of a fish.
merry	a. 欢乐的，愉快的	We had a very merry time at the Christmas party.
mesh	n. 网,筛孔	The windows were covered with a fine wire mesh to keep out insects.
mess	n. 凌乱状态,脏乱状态;混乱的局面,困境; v. 弄糟,弄脏,搞乱	The room was in a complete mess after the party.
message	n. 消息，信息，通讯，启示，教训，广告词，预言	Please leave a message if I'm not home.
messenger	n. 送信者，使者，传令兵	He sent a messenger to deliver the news to the king.
metal	n. 金属，金属制品	Copper is a very good conductor of electricity.
metallic	a.金属的n.金属粒子	The box had a shiny metallic finish.
metallurgy	n.冶金学，冶金术	He is studying metallurgy at the local technical college.
meter	n. 米，公尺；仪表，计量器	The room is five meters long and four meters wide.
method	n. 方法，办法	What is the best method for learning a new language?
methodology	n.方法(论)	The study uses a scientific methodology to analyze the data.
meticulous	a. 谨小慎微的;过细的	She is a very meticulous worker who always checks every detail.
meticulously	adv.胆小地	The data was meticulously recorded and analyzed.
metre	n.米，公尺	He won the one hundred metre sprint.
metric	a. 米制的，公制的	Most countries in the world use the metric system of measurement.
metropolitan	a. 首都的，主要都市的，大城市	London is a large and diverse metropolitan city.
Mexican	n. &adj.墨西哥人(的)	He loves traditional Mexican food, especially tacos and tamales.
Mexico	n.墨西哥	Mexico is a country with a rich and diverse cultural heritage.
microeconomics	n.微观经济学	Microeconomics deals with the behavior of individuals and firms in the market.
microphone	n. 话筒，扩音器	The singer used a high-quality microphone during the performance.
microprocessor	n.微信息处理机	The new smartphone uses a powerful and efficient microprocessor.
microscope	n. 显微镜	A microscope is used to see objects that are too small for the naked eye.
microwave	n.微波	We use a microwave oven to heat up our lunch quickly.
midday	n.正午，中午	The sun is strongest at midday.
middle	n./a. 中间(的)，当中(的)	We sat in the middle row of the cinema.
middleman	n.中人，中间人	The company is trying to reduce costs by eliminating the middleman.
middling	n.中等的，第二流的	The quality of the product is only middling, not great.
midnight	n.午夜，子夜，夜半	The fireworks started exactly at midnight.
midst	n. 中间，当中	He was in the midst of a very important project.
might	n. 力量,强权,势力	With all his might, he managed to push the heavy door open.
mighty	a.强大的；巨大的	The river is a mighty force of nature.
migrant	adj.迁移的，候鸟的	Many migrant workers come to the city to find work.
migrate	vi. 迁移;移居	Many species of birds migrate south for the winter.
migration	n.迁移，移居海外	The annual migration of the wildebeest is a spectacular sight.
mild	a. 温和的，轻微的，味淡的，不含有害物质的的	The weather in this region is quite mild throughout the year.
mile	n. 英里，哩，海里	The nearest train station is about two miles away.
mileage	n.里程	The car gets very good gas mileage on the highway.
milestone	n.里程碑	The invention of the internet was a major milestone in human history.
military	a. 军事的，军用的，军队的	He decided to join the military after he finished high school.
militia	n.民兵(组织)	The local militia was formed to protect the village.
milk	n. 牛奶；(植物流出的)白色乳液v. 挤奶	Would you like some milk in your coffee?
milkman	n.送奶人	The milkman delivers fresh milk every morning.
milky	a.牛奶的；乳白色的	The tea had a very light and milky color.
mill	n. 磨粉机，磨坊；作坊，工厂	The old water mill still grinds wheat into flour.
miller	n.磨坊主	The miller was busy preparing the flour for the bakery.
millimetre	n.毫米	The thickness of the glass is only two millimetres.
million	num./n. 百万，百万个	The project will cost several million dollars.
millionaire	n. 百万富翁	He became a millionaire after his company went public.
mince	v.切碎，绞碎	I need to mince some garlic for the sauce.
mincer	n.粉碎机	We used a meat mincer to make the burgers.
mind	n. 精神，理智，意见，记忆力v. 注意，介意，反对	I don't mind waiting for a few minutes.
mine	pron. (I的物主代词)我的(东西)n. 矿v. 采矿	That book is mine, not yours.
miner	n.矿工	He worked as a coal miner for over thirty years.
mineral	n. 矿物，矿石a. 矿物的，矿质的	The water is rich in essential minerals and vitamins.
mingle	v. (使)混合	The guests began to mingle and talk to each other.
miniature	n. 缩小的模型，缩图a. 微型的，缩小的	The museum has a collection of beautiful miniature paintings.
minicomputer	n.微型计算机	In the past, minicomputers were used for specialized technical tasks.
minimize	v. 使减少到最少，使降到最低	We are trying to minimize the costs of the project.
minimum	n. 最小量,最低限度	The minimum age for the course is eighteen.
minister	vi. 照顾,给予帮助	The organization aims to minister to the needs of the poor.
ministry	n. (政府的)部；牧师	He works for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
minor	a. 较小的，较小的n. 兼修学科v. (in)兼修	It was only a minor accident, and nobody was hurt.
minority	n. 少数;少数民族;未成年	The minority group is fighting for its cultural rights.
mint	n. 薄荷,造币厂	I like to have a mint after dinner.
minus	a./n./prep. 负的,负号,减	The temperature was minus ten degrees Celsius.
minute	n. 分钟，片刻；(pl.)会议记录a. 微小的	The project was finished in the last minute.
miracle	n. 奇迹	It was a miracle that nobody was hurt in the accident.
miraculous	adj.奇迹(般)的	The patient made a miraculous recovery after the surgery.
mirror	n. 镜子；反映，反射v. 反映，反射	She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled.
miscarriage	n. 误判,误罚;流产;失败	The court ruling was considered a major miscarriage of justice.
miscarry	v.未运到(目的地)	The package miscarried and was sent to the wrong address.
mischief	n. 伤害,损害	The kids were up to some mischief in the backyard.
miser	n.守财奴，吝啬鬼	He was a miserable miser who never spent a penny.
miserable	a. 悲惨的;使人难受的	The weather was miserable and rainy all day long.
misery	n. 痛苦，悲惨，不幸	The war brought a lot of misery to the innocent civilians.
misfortune	n. 不幸,灾祸	He had the misfortune of losing his job during the economic crisis.
misgiving	n. 疑虑,怀疑	I have some misgivings about the new proposal.
mishandle	v.装卸不慎	The fragile package was mishandled during shipping.
mishap	n. 不幸的事,不幸,灾祸	Despite a few minor mishaps, the project was successful.
misinterpret	v.误解	His silence was misinterpreted as agreement.
mislead	v. 把…带错路，使误入岐途	The advertisement was criticized for misleading the public.
miss	n. 小姐v. 思念，未击中，错过，漏掉，逃脱	I really miss my family when I'm away on business.
missile	n. 导弹;飞射物	The country launched a new long-range missile yesterday.
missing	a. 漏掉的，失去的，失踪的	The missing child was found safely in the park.
mission	n. 代表团;使命	His mission was to deliver the news to the king personally.
missionary	a. 教会的，传教(士)的n. 传教士	He worked as a missionary in Africa for several years.
mist	n. 薄雾;朦胧	The hills were covered in a thick white mist.
mistake	n. 错误，过失，误解v. 弄错；(for)把…误认为	I made a small mistake on the application form.
mistaken	adj.搞错了的，误解的	If you think I'm happy with the decision, you're mistaken.
mister	n.先生	How can I help you, Mister Jones?
mistress	n. 女主人；主妇；情妇，情人	The mistress of the house welcomed the guests.
misty	adj.雾蒙蒙的，有雾的	It was a cold and misty morning in the valley.
misunderstand	v. 误解，误会	I'm sorry, I think I misunderstood your question.
misunderstanding	n.误会，曲解	The conflict was caused by a simple misunderstanding.
mitten	n.连指手套；露指手套	The little girl wore bright red mittens in the snow.
mix	v. 使混合；混淆	You need to mix the ingredients together carefully.
mixer	n.混合者，搅拌器	I bought a new electric mixer for the kitchen.
mixture	n. 混合；混合物，混合剂	The atmosphere is a mixture of several different gases.
moan	n. 呻吟声，悲叹声v. 呻吟，抱怨，悲叹	The patient let out a low moan of pain.
mob	n. 乌合之众(尤指暴力者)vi. 围攻，聚众闹事	A mob of angry protesters gathered outside the palace.
mobile	a. 可动的，活动的，运动的	She uses a mobile phone to stay in touch with her friends.
mobilize	vt./vi. 动员	The government is trying to mobilize the public to vote.
mock	vt. 嘲笑;模仿;vi. 嘲笑,嘲弄; a. 仿制的,假装的;模拟的,演习的	He didn't mean to mock her with his joke.
mode	n. 方法;样式	The new software has several different operating modes.
model	n. 样式，型；模范；模型，原型；模特v. 模仿	The scientist built a small model of the solar system.
moderate	a. 适度的,适中的;n. 稳健的人,政治上温 和派;vt./vi. 缓和,节制;减轻	The doctor advised him to take moderate exercise.
moderately	ad.适度地，适中	The hotel is moderately priced and offers good service.
modern	a. 现代的，近代的，新式的	Modern technology has changed our lives in many ways.
modernization	n. 现代化	The modernization of the hospital took several years.
modernize	v.使现代化	The company needs to modernize its production process.
modest	a. 谦虚的;适度的;羞怯的	Despite his success, he remained a modest and humble man.
modesty	n.谦逊；端庄；羞怯	Her natural modesty made her popular with everyone.
modification	n.缓和；修改；修饰	The design of the car has undergone several modifications.
modified	adj.改良的，改进的	The new version of the software includes several modified features.
modify	vt. 修改;修饰	You need to modify your plans if you want to succeed.
modulate	vt.调整，调节(声音)	He tried to modulate his voice to sound more persuasive.
module	n. 组件,模块,模件;(航天器的)舱	The lunar module landed safely on the surface of the moon.
moist	a. (表面)潮湿的,湿润的	The soil was still moist after the rain.
moisture	n. 潮湿，湿气，湿度	Plants absorb moisture from the soil through their roots.
molecular	a.分子的；克分子的	The study explores the molecular structure of the substance.
molecule	n. 分子	An atom consists of a nucleus surrounded by electrons.
moment	n. 片刻，瞬间，时刻	I'll be ready in a moment.
momentary	a.瞬息间的，片刻的	There was a momentary silence after he finished speaking.
momentous	a. 重要的,重大的	The signing of the treaty was a momentous occasion.
monarch	n. 帝王，君主，最高统治者	The monarch ruled over the kingdom for forty years.
monastery	adj.修道院，寺院	The old monastery is located on top of a mountain.
Monday	n. 星期一	Monday is the first day of the working week.
monetary	a. 钱的,货币的	The government is trying to maintain monetary stability.
money	n. 货币，钱	How much money do you need for the trip?
monitor	n. 班长,监视器 v. 监听,监视	The doctor will monitor the patient's condition throughout the night.
monk	n.和尚，僧侣，修道士	The monk spent his life in prayer and study.
monkey	n. 猴子	We saw a family of monkeys playing in the trees.
monopolize	v.垄断，独占	The company was accused of trying to monopolize the market.
monopoly	n. 垄断,专卖权	The government has a monopoly on the sale of tobacco.
monotonous	a. 单调的,无变化的	He has a very monotonous and boring job.
monotony	n.单调，枯燥	The monotony of the long journey was broken by a sudden storm.
monster	n. 畸形的动植物,怪物;恶人	In the story, the hero defeats a terrifying monster.
monstrous	a.可怕的；极大的	The cost of the project was absolutely monstrous.
month	n. 月，月份	January is the first month of the year.
monthly	a. 每月的ad. 每月一次，按月n. 月刊	The magazine is published on a monthly basis.
monument	n. 纪念碑，纪念馆，遗迹，不朽的业绩	A monument was erected in the square to honor the fallen soldiers.
monumental	adj.纪念碑式的	The discovery was a monumental achievement in the field of science.
mood	n. 心情，情绪；语气	She is in a very happy mood today.
moon	n. (加the)月球，月亮；卫星	The moon was full and bright in the night sky.
moonlight	n.月光	The lake was shining in the moonlight.
moonlighting	n.业余干活	Many teachers do some moonlighting to earn extra money.
moor	vt.使停泊；使固定	We moored the boat safely in the harbor.
mop	n.墩布，洗碗刷	I need a mop to clean the kitchen floor.
moral	a. 道德(上)的，精神上的n. 寓意，教育意义	The story has a very important moral lesson.
morale	n.士气，斗志	The team's morale was very high after their victory.
morality	n. 道德,美德;伦理体系	The philosopher explored the concept of human morality.
more	a. 更多的n. 更多的人(或东西)ad. 更，更多	We need more information before we can make a decision.
moreover	ad. 加之,而且	The report is badly written; moreover, it contains several inaccuracies.
morning	n. 早晨，上午	I always feel most productive in the morning.
mortal	a. 必有一死的;致命的;极端的,极大的;n. 致命性,死亡数,死亡率;人类	Every mortal being must face death eventually.
Moslem	n.&a.穆斯林(的)	The local Moslem community is celebrating a major festival this week.
mosque	n.清真寺	The mosque's minaret is a prominent landmark in the city.
mosquito	n. 蚊子	I got several mosquito bites during our camping trip.
moss	n. 苔，藓，地衣	The north side of the trees was covered in soft green moss.
most	a. 最多的；大多数的ad. 最；极其n. 大多数	Most of the students passed the exam without any difficulty.
mostly	ad. 几乎全部地；主要地，大部分，基本上	The weather here is mostly sunny during the summer.
motel	n. 汽车旅馆	We decided to stay in a motel near the highway for the night.
moth	n.蛾	A moth was fluttering around the lamp.
mother	n. 母亲	She is a devoted mother who takes great care of her children.
mother-in-law	n.岳母，婆婆	Her mother-in-law is a very kind and helpful woman.
motion	n. 运动,动态;手势,眼色,姿势;提议;动议	The motion of the ship made several passengers feel seasick.
motionless	adj.不动的	The bird sat motionless on the branch, watching for prey.
motivate	vt. 促动,激发	The teacher tried to find new ways to motivate her students.
motivation	n.动机	What was your motivation for joining the project?
motive	n. 动机，目的a. 发动的，运动的	The police are still trying to determine the motive for the crime.
motor	n. 发动机，电动机	The motor of the washing machine needs to be replaced.
motorcar	n.汽车	The invention of the motorcar changed society forever.
motorcycle	n.摩托车	He rode his motorcycle all the way across the country.
motorist	n.摩托车手	Motorists are advised to be careful on the icy roads.
motorway	n.汽车道，快车路	The new motorway connects the two major cities.
motto	n. 座右铭,箴言	The school's motto is 'Learning for Life'.
mould	n. 模子,模型;模制品	The clay is pressed into a mould to create the desired shape.
mount	vt. 登上;发起,组织;安放,安装;vi. 增长,加剧; n. [M-	He managed to mount the horse with a single leap.
mountain	n. 山	We spent the weekend hiking in the mountains.
mountainous	a.多山的；山一般的	The northern part of the country is very mountainous.
mourn	v.哀悼;(对…)感到痛心(或遗憾)	The whole nation mourned the death of the great leader.
mournful	adj.悲悼的，哀痛的	The dog let out a mournful howl in the middle of the night.
mourning	n.哀痛	The family is in mourning following the sudden loss of their father.
mouse	n. 鼠，耗子	The cat was chasing a small mouse across the floor.
moustache	n. (嘴上边的)胡子	He has a very thick and well-groomed moustache.
mouth	n. 口，嘴	Don't talk with your mouth full!
mouthful	n.满口，一口，少量	He took a large mouthful of the delicious soup.
move	v. 移动，迁移；活动；感动n. 移动，活动，行动	We decided to move to a new apartment next month.
movement	n. 运动，活动；移动，迁移	The civil rights movement led to many positive changes in society.
movie	n. 电影，电影院	We went to see a new action movie at the cinema last night.
Mr.	n.(缩)先生	Mr. Jones is our new English teacher.
Mrs.	n.(缩)夫人，太太	Mrs. Smith is the principal of the local high school.
ms.	n.(缩)女士	Ms. Lee is the manager of the marketing department.
much	a. 多的，大量的ad. 十分，非常；到极大程度	Thank you very much for all your help.
mud	n. 泥，泥浆v. 弄脏，使沾污泥	The kids were playing in the mud after the rain.
muddy	a.多泥的，泥泞的	The path was very muddy and hard to walk on.
muffle	v.裹住，捂住	The heavy snow served to muffle the sound of the traffic.
muffler	n.围巾，消音器	He wore a thick woollen muffler to keep warm.
mug	n. (有柄的)大茶杯	I'd like a large mug of hot chocolate, please.
mule	n.骡子	The mule was used to carry heavy loads up the mountain.
multiple	a. 多样的，多重的n. 倍数v. 成倍增加	The project has multiple goals and objectives.
multiplication	n.增加；繁殖；乘法	The multiplication of bacteria can happen very quickly in warm conditions.
multiply	vt./vi. [数	Two multiplied by three equals six.
multifunction	n.多功能的	The new device is highly multifunction and can do many tasks.
multitude	n. 大批,大群,众多	A multitude of people gathered in the square to hear the speech.
municipal	a. 市的;市政的	The municipal council is responsible for local waste disposal.
mumble	v.咕哝，嘟囔	He began to mumble something under his breath.
mumps	n.腮腺炎	He missed a week of school because he had the mumps.
murder	v./n. 谋杀，凶杀	The police are investigating a mysterious murder case.
murderer	n.杀人犯，凶手	The murderer was eventually captured and brought to justice.
murmur	n./v. 低沉连续的声音;诉怨	We could hear the constant murmur of the stream in the distance.
muscle	n. 肌肉，体力	Regular exercise helps to build strong muscles.
muscular	a. 肌肉的;肌肉发达的;强有力的	The weightlifter has a very muscular build.
muse	vi.沉思，默想，冥想	He sat quietly by the lake to muse about his future.
museum	n. 博物馆，展览馆	The museum has an impressive collection of modern art.
mushroom	n. 蘑菇; vi. 迅速发展	The number of coffee shops in the city has mushroomed in recent years.
music	n. 音乐，乐曲，乐谱	I love listening to classical music in the evenings.
musical	a. 音乐的；有音乐才能的n. 音乐片	She is a very musical child and can play several instruments.
musician	n. 音乐家，乐师	He is a talented professional musician who plays the piano.
must	aux./v. 必须；很可能；一定要n. 必须做的事	You must wear a helmet when riding a bike.
mustard	n.芥子，芥末	Would you like some mustard on your burger?
mute	a. 哑的，缄默的n. 哑巴；弱音器v. 减弱…的声音	The room was silent as everyone remained mute in shock.
mutter	v./n. 轻声低语;怨言	He began to mutter something about the poor service.
mutton	n. 羊肉	We had a delicious mutton stew for dinner.
mutual	a. 彼此的;共同的	The two countries reached a mutual agreement on trade.
my	pron. (I的所有格)我的	This is my favorite book.
myriad	n. 极大数量; a. 无数的	The sky was filled with a myriad of stars.
myself	pron.我自己；我亲自	I decided to finish the project myself.
mysterious	a. 神秘的，可疑的，难理解的	A mysterious stranger arrived in the village last night.
mystery	n. 神秘，神秘的事物；神秘小说，侦探小说	The cause of the fire remains a complete mystery.
mystic	adj.神秘的	The ancient temple had a strange and mystic atmosphere.
myth	n. 神话,传说,虚构的人或物	The story of Hercules is a famous Greek myth.
mythology	n. 神话学	She is studying ancient Roman mythology at university.
nail	n. 指甲，爪；钉v. 将…钉牢，钉住	He used a hammer to drive the nail into the wall.
naive	a. 天真的;幼稚的,轻信的	It was very naive of him to believe such a ridiculous story.
naked	a. 裸体的,无遮蔽的	The thief was caught running naked through the streets.
name	n. 名字(称/声/义)vt. 给…取名；列举；提名	What is your full name?
nameless	adj.无名的	The brave soldiers were buried in a nameless grave.
namely	ad. 即,也就是	There are two options, namely, to stay or to leave.
namesake	n.同姓的人,同名的人,同名的事物	He is named after his father, his namesake.
nap	n. 小睡，打盹	I decided to take a quick nap after lunch.
napkin	n. 餐巾，餐巾纸，<英>尿布	Please use your napkin to wipe your mouth.
narrate	v.叙述	The actor was chosen to narrate the documentary.
narration	n.叙述；故事；叙述法	The movie's narration was very engaging and informative.
narrator	n.叙述者	The narrator's voice was calm and steady throughout the story.
narrow	a. 狭窄的，狭的，狭隘的	The road is too narrow for two cars to pass at once.
nasty	adj.令人讨厌的;困难的;严重的,恶劣的;下流的	That's a very nasty cut on your arm.
nation	n. 民族，国家	The whole nation celebrated the historic victory.
national	a. 民族的，国家的，国立的	The national anthem was played at the start of the game.
nationality	n. 国籍，民族	What is your nationality?
native	a. 本地的，本国的；天生的n. 本地人，本国人	She is a native of New York and has lived here all her life.
natural	a. 正常的；自然界的，天然的，天赋的，固有的	The park is full of natural beauty and wildlife.
naturally	ad.自然地；天然地	He is a naturally gifted musician who learned to play by ear.
nature	n. 自然界，大自然；性质，本性，天性	We must all work together to protect nature and the environment.
naughty	a. 顽皮的，淘气的	The naughty child was sent to his room for misbehaving.
nausea	n. 恶心,晕船;vt. 使恶心	The smell of the rotting food filled her with nausea.
naval	a. 海军的,军舰的	He decided to join the naval academy after high school.
navel	n.脐，中心	The navel is located in the center of the abdomen.
navigable	a. (江河、海洋)可航行的,可通航的;(船)适航的	The river is navigable for large ships for several hundred miles.
navigation	n. 航海，航空；导航，领航	The airplane's navigation system was malfunctioning.
navy	n. 海军	He served in the navy for over twenty years.
near	a. 近的，接近的；亲近的prep. 靠近ad. 接近	The nearest train station is about ten minutes away.
nearby	a. 附近的ad. 在附近prep. 在…附近	We went to a nearby restaurant for dinner.
nearly	ad. 差不多，几乎	I've nearly finished the project.
neat	a. 整洁的;雅致的;灵巧的;纯的;不掺水的	His handwriting is very neat and easy to read.
necessarily	ad.必然，必定	A high salary doesn't necessarily mean job satisfaction.
necessary	a. 必需的，必要的；必然的n. 必需品	It is necessary to wear a seatbelt at all times.
necessitate	vt. 使成为必需	The sudden change in plans necessitated extra work for the team.
necessity	n. 必要性，需要；必然性；(pl.)必需品	Food and water are basic necessities of life.
neck	n. 颈脖	She wore a beautiful gold necklace around her neck.
necklace	n. 项链，项圈	He gave her a diamond necklace for her birthday.
need	aux. v./v. 需要；必须n. 需要；贫困，困窘	I need to go to the store to buy some milk.
needful	adj.必要的	We will provide all the needful information for your trip.
needle	n. 针，指针，针状物	She used a needle and thread to sew the button back on.
needless	a.不需要的	It was a needless waste of time and energy.
needy	adj.贫穷的	The organization provides food and clothes for needy families.
negate	v.否定	The new evidence could negate the previous court ruling.
negation	n. 否定,否认	His silence was seen as a negation of the proposal.
negative	a. 否定的，消极的，阴性的n. 负数；(摄影)底片	She has a very negative attitude towards her work.
neglect	vt. 忽视,忽略;疏忽,玩忽;n. (U)疏忽,玩忽	He was accused of neglecting his official duties.
negligence	n.疏忽，过失	The accident was caused by the driver's negligence.
negligent	adj.粗心大意的	The company was found to be negligent in maintaining safety standards.
negligible	a. 可忽略不计的，微不足道的	The difference between the two results was negligible.
negotiable	a. 可谈判的,可商议的;可兑换现金的;可通行的(道路、河流)	The price of the car is negotiable.
negotiate	v. 商订；谈判，洽谈，交涉	The two sides are currently trying to negotiate a peace treaty.
negotiation	n.谈判	The negotiations between the management and the union lasted for weeks.
negro	n. 黑人a. 黑人的	The historical text uses the term 'Negro' to refer to African Americans.
neighbor	n. 邻居	Our next-door neighbor is very friendly and helpful.
neighborhood	n. 邻居；四邻，街道	The new park will benefit everyone in the neighborhood.
neighboring	adj.邻近的，相邻的	We visited several neighboring towns during our holiday.
neither	a. 两者都不pron. 两者都不ad. 也不	Neither of the two plans was acceptable to the committee.
nephew	n. 侄子，外甥	Her nephew is coming to stay with us for the weekend.
nerve	n. 神经；勇敢，胆量	The injury caused permanent damage to the nerves in his arm.
nervous	a. 神经的；神经过敏的，紧张不安的	I always feel a bit nervous before an important exam.
nest	n. 窝，巢v. 筑巢	The bird built its nest high up in the tree.
nestle	v.安顿，建巢,依偎,温暖	The small cottage nestles in a quiet valley.
net	n. 网，网状物v. 用网捕，使落网a. 纯净的	The fishing net was full of fresh trout.
network	n. 网状物；广播网，电视网；网络	The company has a vast global network of distributors.
neutral	a. 中立的；中性的，中和的	Switzerland has a long history of being a neutral country.
neutrality	n.中立	The country is committed to maintaining its political neutrality.
neutron	n.中子	An atom consists of protons, neutrons, and electrons.
never	ad. 永不，从不，决不；从来没有；不，没有	I have never been to Paris, but I hope to go one day.
nevertheless	ad. 然而,不过,仍然	The project was difficult; nevertheless, we finished it on time.
new	a. 新(近)的；新来的；不熟悉的；没经验的	She bought a new pair of shoes for the party.
news	n. 新闻，消息；新闻报道，新闻广播	What is the latest news about the earthquake?
newspaper	n. 报纸	I read the daily newspaper every morning before work.
next	a. 紧接的，其次的；贴近的ad. 其次；居后	The next meeting is scheduled for next Tuesday.
nice	a. 美好的，令人愉快的；友好的，亲切的	It was very nice of you to invite me to dinner.
nickel	n. 镍,美国五分镍币	Nickel is a hard, silvery-white metal.
nickname	n. 绰号，浑名vt. 给…起绰号	His friends gave him the nickname 'Speedy' because he was a fast runner.
niece	n. 侄女，甥女	Her niece is studying medicine at university.
night	n. 夜间；夜；晚(上)	The stars looked beautiful in the dark night sky.
nightgown	n.睡衣	She wore a comfortable silk nightgown to bed.
nightingale	n.夜莺	We heard the song of a nightingale in the garden late at night.
nightmare	n. 恶梦；可怕的事物，无法摆脱的恐惧	The whole experience was a complete nightmare from start to finish.
nine	num. 九pron./ad. 九(个，只…)	There are nine players on a baseball team.
nineteen	num./a. 十九pron. 十九(个，只…)	She celebrated her nineteenth birthday last week.
ninety	num. 九十，九十个	My grandfather is ninety years old and still very healthy.
ninth	num.第九；九分之一	This is the ninth time I've tried to call him today.
nitrogen	n. 氮	Nitrogen is the most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere.
no	ad. 不是，不a. 没有的；不允许n. 不，拒绝	There is no food left in the fridge.
No.	n.(缩)号，号码	His house is at No. 42 on this street.
nobility	n. 高贵,高尚;贵族	The nobility played a prominent role in the royal court.
noble	a. 高尚的；贵族的，高贵的n. 贵族	He made a noble sacrifice for the sake of his family.
nobody	pron. 谁也不，无人n. 小人物	Nobody knows the answer to that question.
nod	v. 点(头)，点头招呼n. 点头招呼；打盹，瞌睡	She gave a quick nod of agreement.
noise	n. 喧闹声，噪声，吵嚷声	The loud noise from the street woke me up.
noisy	a. 吵闹的，喧闹的	The restaurant was very noisy and crowded.
nominal	a. 名义上的,有名无实的;极微的;象征性的	The company was sold for a nominal fee of one dollar.
nominate	vt. 提名	They decided to nominate him for the position of president.
nomination	n.提名，任命	His nomination for the award was a great honor.
none	pron. 没有任何人(东西)；都不ad. 一点也不	None of the students passed the exam.
nonsense	n. 胡说，废话	Don't talk nonsense; you know that's not true.
noon	n. 中午，正午	The sun is strongest at noon.
nor	conj./ad. 也不，也没有	I don't like coffee, nor do I like tea.
norm	n. 标准;规范	Individual achievement is the norm in this company.
normal	a. 正常的，普通的；正规的，标准的	The weather has returned to normal after the storm.
normalization	n. 正常化，标准化	The normalization of relations between the two countries took years.
normalize	v.使正常，使标准化	The government is trying to normalize the economic situation.
normally	ad.通常，正常地	I normally go to the gym after work.
north	n. 北，北方a. 北方的，北部ad. 向北方，在北方	The compass needle points to the north.
northeast	n. 东北a. 东北方的ad. 向东北，在东北	The city is located in the northeast part of the country.
northern	a. 北方的，北部的	The northern part of the country is mostly mountains.
northward	adj. &adv.向北(的)	They continued their journey northward across the tundra.
northwest	n. 西北方，西北部a. 西北的ad. 向西北，在西北	The storm is moving towards the northwest.
nose	n. 鼻子；(飞机，船等的)前端，突出部分	He wiped the sweat from his nose.
nostril	n.鼻孔	The horse's nostrils flared as it ran.
not	ad. 不，不是，不会；没有	I'm not going to the party tonight.
notable	a. 值得注意的,著名的;可觉察的;n. 名人,要人	The book received notable praise from critics.
notably	adj.尤其，值得注意地,明显地	The economy has grown notably over the past year.
note	n. 笔记；按语，注释；钞票，纸币v. 记下，摘下	Please take notes during the lecture.
notebook	n. 笔记本	I write all my ideas down in a small notebook.
noted	a.著名的，知名的	He is a noted expert in the field of modern history.
note-taking	n.笔记，笔录	Good note-taking skills are essential for university students.
nothing	n. 没有东西；什么也没有；无关紧要的人或事	I have nothing to say to him.
notice	n. 通知，通告，布告；注意，认识v. 注意到，注意	I didn't notice that the door was open.
noticeable	a. 显而易见的，值得注意的，重要的	There has been a noticeable improvement in his health.
notification	n.通知(书)，布告	I received a notification from the bank yesterday.
notify	vt. 报告;通知	Please notify me as soon as the results are available.
notion	n. 概念、观念	He has a strange notion that the earth is flat.
notorious	a. 臭名昭著的,声名狼藉的	The city is notorious for its high crime rate.
notwithstanding	prep./ad./conj. 尽管	Notwithstanding the rain, the game went ahead as scheduled.
nought	n. 无,零	Three multiplied by nought equals nought.
noun	n. 名词	In the sentence 'The cat sat on the mat', 'cat' and 'mat' are nouns.
nourish	vt. 养育;怀有(希望)	Children need good food to nourish their bodies and minds.
nourishment	n. 食物	Plants get their nourishment from the soil and sunlight.
novel	a. 新奇的;n. 小说	She has written three historical novels set in the 19th century.
novelist	n.小说家	Charles Dickens is one of the most famous novelists in history.
novelette	n.中篇小说	The author published a short novelette in a literary magazine.
novelty	n. 新奇，新颖，新奇的事物	The new gadget was a great novelty when it first came out.
November	n. 十一月	Thanksgiving is celebrated in November.
now	ad. 现在，如今，目前；当时，于是，然后	What are you doing right now?
nowadays	ad. 现今，现在	Nowadays, most people use the internet to stay in touch.
nowhere	ad. 什么地方都没有	I could find my keys nowhere.
nuclear	a. 核心的，中心的；原子核的，核能的	The country is developing its nuclear energy program.
nucleus	n. 原子核,核心	The nucleus of the atom contains protons and neutrons.
nuisance	n. 麻烦事,讨厌的人	The constant noise from the street was a real nuisance.
nullify	vt. 使无效,废弃,取消	The new law will nullify all previous agreements.
number	n. 数，数字，数量，号码，一群v. 共计，编号	I wrote down his phone number on a piece of paper.
numerical	a. 数字的,用数字表示的	The data is arranged in numerical order.
numerous	a. 许许多多的	He has made numerous contributions to the field of science.
nun	n.修女，尼姑	The nun spent her life in service to the community.
nurse	n. 护士，保姆v. 护理，看护	The nurse checked the patient's blood pressure.
nursery	n. 托儿所,保育室;苗圃	The child goes to a nursery while his parents are at work.
nut	n. 坚果；螺母，螺帽	I like to have a handful of nuts as a snack.
nylon	n. 尼龙,尼龙长袜	The tent is made of a strong and lightweight nylon material.
oak	n. 橡树，橡木a. 橡木的	The old oak tree stood high above the forest floor.
oar	n. 桨;橹	The rowers pulled on the oars to move the boat.
oath	n. 誓言,誓约;咒骂,诅咒语	The witness took an oath to tell the truth in court.
obedience	n. 服从，顺从	The training program emphasizes the importance of obedience and discipline.
obedient	a. 服从的,顺从的	The dog was very obedient and followed all my commands.
obey	v. 服从，顺从	All citizens must obey the law.
object	n. 物体；客体，对象；目标；宾语v. (to)反对	I object to your rude behavior.
objection	n. (to)反对，异议，不喜欢，反对的理由	I have no objection to your plan.
objective	a. [哲	Our main objective is to finish the project on time.
obligation	n. 义务，责任	Parents have a legal obligation to take care of their children.
oblige	vt. 迫使;施恩于,帮…的忙;使感激	I am much obliged to you for all your help.
obliterate	adj.删去，抹掉	The heavy rain served to obliterate the tracks in the mud.
oblong	n./a. 长方形(的)	The table was in an oblong shape and fit perfectly in the room.
obscure	a. 不出名的,不重要的;费解的;模糊不清的; vt. 使变模糊,掩盖	The details of the event remain obscure and unclear.
observance	n. (法律习俗等的)遵守;奉行;礼仪,仪式	The strict observance of the rules is essential for safety.
observation	n. 观察，观测，监视；(pl.)观察资料；观察力	The patient is under constant observation in the hospital.
observe	v. 观察，观测，注意到，监视，遵守，评述，说	Scientists observe the behavior of animals in the wild.
observer	n.观察员，观测者	The international observers monitored the election closely.
obstacle	n. 障碍	The high cost of living is a major obstacle to success.
obstinate	a. 顽固的,倔强的,不易屈服的,较难治愈的	He is very obstinate and won't listen to any advice.
obstruction	n. 妨碍，障碍物	The fallen tree caused an obstruction on the road.
obtain	v. 获得，得到	He managed to obtain a copy of the report.
obtainable	adj.可得到的	The information is easily obtainable on the internet.
obvious	a. 明显的,清楚的	It was obvious from his expression that he was unhappy.
obviously	ad.明显地，显然地	Obviously, we need to find a solution to this problem.
occasion	n. (发生特殊事件)的时刻;机会,理由;需要;vt. 引起,导致	We gathered together to celebrate the happy occasion.
occasional	a. 偶然的，非经常的，特殊场合的；临时的	We made occasional trips to the city to visit our friends.
occasionally	ad.偶然；非经常地	I occasionally go to the cinema on the weekends.
occident	n.西方,欧美	Occident refers to the countries of the Western world.
occidental	adj.西方的，西洋的	She is studying Occidental languages and culture.
occupation	n. 占领，占据；占用；职业，工作	What is your father's occupation?
occupy	vt. 占,占用,占领;使忙碌,使从事	The enemy troops occupied the city for several months.
occur	vi. 发生;想起,想到;存在	The accident occurred late at night on a dark road.
occurrence	n. 发生，出现；事件，事故，发生的事情	Traffic accidents are a common occurrence on this highway.
ocean	n. 海洋	The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest in the world.
Oceania	n.大洋洲	Oceania includes Australia, New Zealand, and several Pacific islands.
oceanography	n.海洋学	She decided to study oceanography at university.
o-clock	adv.点钟	It's exactly five o-clock.
October	n. 十月	Halloween is celebrated in October.
odd	a. 奇数的,单独的,零头的,临时的,古怪的,奇怪的	He is a very odd person who doesn't talk to anyone.
odour	n. 气味,臭气	The air was filled with the sweet odour of jasmine.
of	prep. …的；在…之中；用…制的；关于…的	This is a photo of my family.
off	ad. 离开；在远处；脱开prep. 从，从…离开	Please turn the lights off before you leave.
off-duty	adj.不当班的	The off-duty police officer witnessed the robbery.
offence	n.犯罪，犯规；冒犯	Smoking in this building is a serious offence.
offend	vt. 冒犯,得罪,伤害…的感情;使厌恶,使不舒服;违犯,违反	I didn't mean to offend you with my joke.
offensive	a. 冒犯的，攻击的n. 攻势，进攻	His rude behavior was considered highly offensive.
offer	v. 提出;表示;n. 提供;提议	They offered me a job with a very good salary.
offering	n.报盘，提供的货物	The store has a wide variety of offerings for its customers.
off-grade	adj.等外的，质差的	The project was rejected because the materials were off-grade.
office	n. 办公室，办事处；职务，公职；部，局，处	He works in a large office building in the city center.
officer	n. 官员，办事员；工作人员；军官	The police officer asked to see my ID.
official	n. 官员，行政官员a. 官方的，官方的，正式的	The official results of the election will be announced tomorrow.
offset	vt. 抵消,补偿	The gains in sales helped to offset the increase in costs.
offspring	n. 子孙后代,动物的幼仔	The bird was busy feeding its young offspring.
often	ad. 常常，经常，通常	I often go for a walk in the park after dinner.
oh	int.嗬，哦，唉呀	Oh! I didn't see you there.
oil	n. 油，石油v. 给…加润滑油；涂油，上油	The car needs an oil change.
o.k.	adj. &n.(缩)对，行	Is it O.K. if I arrive a bit late?
old	a. 年老的；…岁的；长时间的，老的；过去的	My grandfather is eighty years old.
olive	n.橄榄，橄榄树	I like to put black olives on my pizza.
omen	n. 预兆,征兆	Many people believe that a black cat is a bad omen.
ominous	a. 不祥的,不吉利的	The dark clouds looked very ominous.
omission	n.省略	The report contained several major omissions.
omit	vt. 疏忽,忘记;遗漏,省略	Please don't omit any important details from the report.
on	a. 连接上prep. 在…上；靠近ad. 向前，继续	The book is on the table.
once	ad. 一次，曾经conj. 一(旦)…就…n. 一次	I've only been to Paris once, but I'd love to go again.
one	num. 一pron. 一个(只)(表示代替可数的东西)	One must always be careful when crossing the street.
oneself	pron.自己；亲自，本人	It's important to be true to oneself.
onion	n. 洋葱	I like to add chopped onions to my salad.
only	ad. 仅仅，只不过a. 唯一的conj. 可是，不过	She is the only person who knows the secret.
onset	n. 进攻;开始,发作	The onset of winter brought a sudden drop in temperature.
onto	prep. 在…上面；到…上面	The cat jumped onto the table.
onward	adv. &adj.向前(的)	The explorers continued their onward journey across the desert.
opal	n.蛋白石	She wore a beautiful ring set with a large opal.
opaque	a. 不透光的,不透明的;难理解的	The windows were painted over with an opaque white paint.
open	n. 公开，户外a. 开的，开放的v. 开	Please open the window and let some fresh air in.
opener	n.开罐器，起子	I need a bottle opener to open this soda.
opening	n. 口,孔;开始,张开;职位空缺	There is a job opening in the marketing department.
opera	n. 歌剧	We went to see a performance of a famous Italian opera.
operate	v. 操作，运转，开动，起作用，动手术	The machine is very simple to operate.
operation	n. 运转，开动，操作，手术，运算，经营	The rescue operation was a complete success.
operational	a. 操作的，运转的，起作用的，经营的	The new airport will be fully operational by next month.
operative	adj.有效的	The new regulations are now operative.
operator	n. 操作人员，(电话)接线员	The computer operator is responsible for maintaining the system.
opinion	n. 意见,鉴定	In my opinion, we should wait for more information.
opium	n.鸦片；麻醉剂	The trade in opium was a major issue in the 19th century.
opponent	n. 对手，反对者，敌手a. 对立的，对抗的	The team faced a strong opponent in the final.
opportune	adj.及时的，凑巧的	The news arrived at a very opportune moment.
opportunity	n. 机会	This is a great opportunity for you to gain some work experience.
oppose	vt. 反对;反抗	Many people oppose the new tax laws.
opposite	a. 对面的,相对的,相反的,对立的 prep. 在…对面	The two sisters have completely opposite personalities.
opposition	n.敌对，反抗	The proposal met with strong opposition from the local community.
oppress	vt. 压迫,压制;压抑	The people were oppressed by a ruthless dictator.
oppression	n.压迫	The struggle against oppression has lasted for decades.
optical	a. 光(学)的;眼的,视力的;视觉的	Microscopes and telescopes are examples of optical instruments.
optimal	adj.最佳的	The scientists are looking for the optimal conditions for the experiment.
optimism	n. 乐观,乐观主义	She has a natural sense of optimism and hope for the future.
optimistic	a. 乐观主义的	He is very optimistic about his chances of getting the job.
optimize	v.最佳化	We need to optimize our production process to reduce costs.
optimum	a. 最适宜的	The optimum temperature for the growth of these plants is 25 degrees.
option	n. 选择(权)，[商	You have the option of staying or leaving.
optional	a. 可以任选的，随意的，非强制的	The extra course is optional, but highly recommended.
or	conj. 或，或者(表示选择)；即，大约；否则	Would you like tea or coffee?
oral	a. 口头的	The students have an oral exam in Spanish tomorrow.
orange	n. 柑，桔，橙	I had a fresh orange for breakfast.
orbit	n. 天体轨道;势力范围;vt. 沿轨道运行	The Earth orbits the Sun once every year.
orchard	n. 果园，果园里的全部果树，<美俚>棒球场	The trees in the orchard were full of ripe apples.
orchestra	n. 管弦乐队	The symphony orchestra performed a beautiful piece by Mozart.
order	n. 命令；次序；整齐；定货单；等级v. 定制，订购	The soldiers followed the general's orders without question.
orderly	a. 有秩序的,整齐的,有条不紊的	The crowd moved in an orderly fashion towards the exit.
ordinarily	ad.通常，大概	Ordinarily, I would say yes, but I'm too busy today.
ordinary	a. 普通的，平凡的，平常的；平庸的	It was just an ordinary day at the office.
ore	n. 矿石	Iron ore is a major export for the country.
organ	n. 器官,报刊,风琴	The heart is a vital organ of the human body.
organic	a. 器官的；有机的；有机体的	We prefer to buy organic vegetables whenever possible.
organism	n. 生物,有机体,有机的组织	Bacteria are very small single-celled organisms.
organization	n. 组织，团体，机构	The World Health Organization is based in Geneva.
organizational	adj.组织的	He has excellent organizational skills.
organize	v. 组织，编组	She helped to organize the charity event.
orient	n. 东方，亚洲v. 使朝东，为…定位，使适应	New employees need time to orient themselves to the company's culture.
oriental	a./n. 东方的,东方人	The museum has a collection of fine Oriental art.
orientation	n. 方向，方位，定位，倾向性，向东方	The orientation of the map was slightly confusing.
origin	n. 起源，由来；出身，来历	The true origin of the universe remains a mystery.
original	a. 最初的,新颖的;有独创性的;n. 起源;原件,原稿	This is the original version of the manuscript.
originality	n.独创性	The architect's design was praised for its originality and vision.
originally	adv.原来，当初	The house was originally built in the 18th century.
originate	vt./vi. 发生,发起;发明	The tradition is believed to have originated in ancient China.
ornament	n. 装饰;装饰物	The Christmas tree was covered in beautiful ornaments.
ornamental	a.装饰的n.装饰品	The garden is full of ornamental plants and flowers.
orphan	n. 孤儿	The charity provides support for children who are orphans.
oscillation	n.摆动，振动	The oscillation of the pendulum was very steady.
other	a. 另外的，其他的n./pron. 另一个人(或事)	There are other factors to consider besides cost.
otherwise	ad. 另样，用别的方法；在其他方面conj. 要不然	You should leave now; otherwise, you'll be late.
ought	aux. 应该(使用时，之后应接to，再接动词原形)	You ought to see a doctor about that cough.
ounce	n. 盎司，英两	There are sixteen ounces in one pound.
our	pron.我们的	This is our new house.
ourselves	pron.我们自己；我们亲自	We decided to fix the broken fence ourselves.
out	ad. 出去；离家；突出来a. 外面的，往外去的	The sun came out from behind the clouds.
outbreak	n. 爆发	The sudden outbreak of the disease caused a major crisis.
outcome	n. 结果,后果	The outcome of the election is still uncertain.
outdoor	a. 室外的，野外的	I enjoy outdoor activities like hiking and camping.
outdoors	ad.在户外，在野外	We decided to have our picnic outdoors.
outer	a. 外部的，外面的，外层的	The Earth's outer core is mostly liquid iron.
outermost	a.最外面的，最远的	Pluto was once considered the outermost planet in our solar system.
outland	n.偏僻地区	The tribe lived in the remote outland of the continent.
outlandish	adj.古怪的,奇异的	He has some very outlandish and strange ideas.
outlaw	n. 被剥夺公民权者;vt. 禁止	The government decided to outlaw smoking in public buildings.
outlay	n.费用，支出	The initial outlay for the project was quite high.
outlet	n. (河流等)出口,出路;[喻	The internet is a great outlet for creative expression.
outline	n. 提纲;外形,轮廓,略图; vt. 概述,概括;描…外形,描…轮廊	He gave a brief outline of the new project.
outlook	n. 景色，风光；观点，见解；展望，前景	His positive outlook on life is truly inspiring.
output	n. 产量,产出	The factory has increased its industrial output this year.
outrage	n. 暴行，侮辱，愤怒v. 凌辱，引起…义愤，强奸	The public showed widespread outrage at the government's decision.
outrageous	a. 残暴的,蛮横的	The cost of the repairs was absolutely outrageous.
outright	a. 断然的;彻底地;立即,当场	The proposal was met with an outright rejection.
outset	n. 开端,开始	We faced some difficulties at the very outset of the project.
outside	ad. 向外面n. 外部a. 外部的prep. 在…外	Please wait for me outside the building.
outsider	n.局外人	As an outsider, she found it hard to understand the local customs.
outskirts	n. (尤指城市)郊区	We live in a small village on the outskirts of London.
outstanding	a. 突出的，显著的，杰出的	The young pianist gave an outstanding performance.
outturn	n.卸货情况	The outturn of the harvest was better than expected this year.
outward	a. 外面的，公开的，向外的ad. 向外，在外n. 外表	There was no outward sign of his unhappiness.
oval	n./a. 卵形(的),椭圆形(的)	The mirror has a beautiful oval shape.
oven	n. 炉，灶，灶箱	She put the cake in the oven to bake.
over	ad. 在上方；遍及地prep. 在的上方a. 结束的	The meeting was over by 5 PM.
overall	a. 包括一切的,全部的;n. 罩衫,工装裤	The overall quality of the product is very high.
overcast	adj.多云的	The sky was grey and overcast all day long.
overcharge	v. &n.多收(的)钱	The store realized they had overcharged me by five dollars.
overcoat	n. 外衣，大衣	He wore a thick woollen overcoat to keep warm.
overcome	vt. 战胜,克服;(感情等)压倒,使受不了	She managed to overcome her fear of heights.
overestimate	vt.过高估计	It is easy to overestimate the amount of work required.
overextend	v.使承担过多的义务	Don't overextend yourself by taking on too many projects.
overflow	v./n. 溢出;泛滥	The river began to overflow its banks after the heavy rain.
overhead	a. 在头顶上的；架空的ad. 在头顶上n.(pl) 经常费用; 生产和贸易的费用;	A plane flew overhead as we were talking.
overhear	vt. 无意中听到,偷听到	I happened to overhear their conversation at the next table.
overjoy	n.使大喜	She was overjoyed to hear the good news.
overlap	v. 与…互搭,与…重叠;与…部分相同	Our schedules overlap on Wednesday afternoons.
overlapping	adj.相互重叠的	The two maps have several overlapping areas.
overload	vt.使超载	Be careful not to overload the electrical circuit.
overlook	vt. 俯视;忽略;宽恕	Our hotel room overlooked the beautiful ocean.
overnight	a. 通宵的，晚上的ad. 在昨夜，一夜工夫，突然	The decision was made overnight and caught everyone by surprise.
overpayment	n.多付的款项	The bank corrected the overpayment to my account.
overseas	a. 外国的，海外的ad. 在海外	He is currently working overseas in Singapore.
oversight	n.监视，疏忽	The error was due to a simple administrative oversight.
overtake	vt. 超过,赶上;突然降临	The car accelerated to overtake the slow-moving truck.
overthrow	vt. 推翻;使终止,摒弃	The people fought for years to overthrow the dictatorship.
overtime	a. 超时的，加班的ad. 加班	He worked three hours of overtime yesterday.
overwhelm	vt. (感情上)使受不了,使不知所措; 征服,制服	She was overwhelmed by the kindness shown to her.
overwhelming	a. 势不可挡的，压倒的	The proposal received overwhelming support from the committee.
owe	vt./vi 欠债,感激,由于	I owe you ten dollars for the movie ticket.
owing	a. 欠的，未付的	There is still a small balance owing on your account.
owl	n. 猫头鹰	We saw an owl sitting on a tree branch late at night.
own	a. (用在所有格后面，加强语气)自己的	He decided to start his own business.
owner	n. 物主，所有者	Who is the owner of this beautiful house?
ownership	n. 所有权	The company's ownership has changed several times over the years.
ox	n. 牛，公牛	The oxen were used to pull the heavy plow.
oxide	n. 氧化物	Iron oxide is more commonly known as rust.
oxygen	n. 氧，氧气	Oxygen is essential for all living things to survive.
oyster	n.牡蛎；沉默寡言的人	She ordered a plate of fresh oysters at the seafood restaurant.
pace	n. (一)步;步速,速度,节奏 vi. 踱步	He walked at a very fast pace.
pacific	a.和平的 n.太平洋	The Pacific Ocean is the largest in the world.
pack	v. 捆扎，打包；塞满，挤满n. 包裹，背包，一群/副	I need to pack my suitcase for the trip.
package	n. 包装，包裹，箱，包装费，标准部件，成套设备	The package arrived at the post office this morning.
packaging	n.包装	The new packaging is much more environmentally friendly.
packet	n. 小包裹，小捆；盒；一捆，一扎；邮船，班轮	I bought a small packet of biscuits for the journey.
packing	n.装箱，收拾行李	She spent the afternoon packing her things for the move.
pad	n. 垫子;拍纸簿;vt. 步行,走路	He used a small pad to write down his ideas.
page	n. 页，记录，事件，专栏vt. 给…标页码	Please turn to page twenty of your textbook.
pail	n. 桶，提桶一桶的量	The child carried a small plastic pail to the beach.
pain	n. 痛，痛苦；(pl.)努力，劳苦vt. 使痛苦	He was in a lot of pain after the accident.
painful	a. 疼痛的，使痛苦的，费力[心	It was a very painful decision to make.
paint	n. 油漆，颜料v. 油漆；涂，涂漆；画；描绘，描述	The walls were covered in a fresh coat of blue paint.
painter	n. 漆工，画家	He is a famous painter known for his landscapes.
painting	n. 上油漆，着色；绘画；油画；画法	The museum has a large collection of oil paintings.
pair	n. 一对，一双；一副；夫妇v. 配对，成对	I bought a new pair of black shoes yesterday.
palace	n. 宫，宫殿	The king lived in a magnificent palace in the city center.
pale	a. 苍白的，灰白的；浅的，暗淡的	Her face turned pale when she heard the news.
palm	n. 手掌,棕榈	He held the small bird carefully in the palm of his hand.
pamphlet	n. 小册子	The organization distributed pamphlets about the local campaign.
pan	n. 平底锅，盘子，面板	I need a large pan to make the pasta sauce.
panda	n. 熊猫	The giant panda is a beloved national symbol of China.
pane	n.窗格玻璃	A ball hit the window and broke a pane of glass.
panel	n./vt. 镶板,控制板;座谈小组;镶饰	The panel of experts discussed the future of new technology.
panic	n. 惊慌,恐慌;vi. 受惊,惊慌	Try to stay calm and don't panic during an emergency.
panorama	n. 全景;全方位;整体效应	From the top of the hill, you have a beautiful panorama of the city.
panoramic	adj.全景的	The hotel offers rooms with panoramic views of the ocean.
pant	vt./vi. 气喘,喘息;气喘吁吁地说	The runners were panting as they crossed the finish line.
panther	n.豹，黑豹；美洲狮	The black panther moved silently through the jungle.
pantry	n.食品柜，餐具室	The dishes and food are kept in the kitchen pantry.
pants	n. 裤子	He wore a smart pair of grey pants to the interview.
paper	n. 纸；纸制品；报纸；(pl)文件；试卷；论文	I need some more paper for the printer.
papercut	n.剪纸，刻纸	Traditional Chinese papercuts are very beautiful and delicate.
papercutting	n.剪纸艺术	She is learning the ancient art of papercutting.
papers	n.文件，证书	Please make sure you have all the necessary papers for your visa.
par	n.(跟)原价相等 a.常态的,平均的,平价的,意料之中的	The golfer finished the round at two under par.
parachute	n. 降落伞	The pilot was forced to eject and use his parachute.
parade	vt./vi. 阅兵整队;列队行进,游行;夸耀;炫示	The victory parade moved through the city streets.
paradise	n. 天国,乐园	The tropical island was a true paradise for the visitors.
paragraph	n. 段，节；小新闻，短评	Please write a summary of the first paragraph of the story.
parallel	a. 平行的,相当的 n. 类似的人或事,比较 vt. 与…相似	The two roads run parallel to each other.
paralyse	vt. 使麻痹;使瘫痪	The accident served to paralyse him from the waist down.
parameter	n. 参数，参量	The project was carried out within strict technical parameters.
parasite	n. 寄生虫,寄生植物,靠他人为生的人	Tapeworms are a type of intestinal parasite.
parcel	n. 包裹，邮包，部分v. 打包，捆扎，分配	The parcel arrived at my house this morning.
pardon	n. 原谅，宽恕；请再说一遍v. 原谅，饶恕，赦免	I beg your pardon; I didn't hear what you said.
parent	n. 父母，母亲；(pl.)双亲；父母	He is a devoted parent who always puts his children first.
Paris	n.巴黎	Paris is one of the most beautiful and romantic cities in the world.
parish	n.教区	He is the priest of the local parish.
park	n. 公园，停车场，运动场v. 停放(汽车等)，寄放	The children were playing in the local park.
parking	n.停放车辆	There is no parking allowed on this street.
parliament	n. 国会,议会	The British Parliament consists of the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
parlor	n.客厅,休息室,<美>店	The ice cream parlor was crowded on the hot summer afternoon.
parrot	n.鹦鹉	The parrot could repeat several simple words and phrases.
part	n. 部分，角色，一方，零件，地区，部，篇v. 使分开	I enjoyed the first part of the movie very much.
partial	a. 不完全的;偏袒的;偏爱的	He was criticized for his partial and biased reporting.
partially	ad.部分地	The building was partially destroyed by the fire.
participant	n. 参加者，参与者a. 有份的，参与的	There were over five hundred participants in the marathon.
participate	vi. 参与;分享	The students are encouraged to participate in extracurricular activities.
participation	n.参加，参与	The success of the project required the participation of all team members.
particle	n. 粒子,微粒;[语	The atmosphere contains millions of tiny dust particles.
particular	a. 特殊的，苛求的，个别的n. 详情，细节，特色	I have no particular preference for any brand.
particularly	ad.特别，尤其，格外	It was a particularly difficult and complex problem to solve.
partition	n.分开，分割；融墙	The large room was divided by a thin wooden partition.
partly	ad. 部分地，不完全地，在一定程度上	The success was partly due to luck and partly due to hard work.
partner	n. 合作者，合伙人，合股人，伙伴，舞伴，配偶	He is my business partner and a very close friend.
partnership	n.伙伴关系，合伙	The two companies formed a strategic partnership.
part-time	adj.计时(干活)的	She works as a part-time teacher at the local school.
party	n. 聚会，政党，当事人v. 举行(参加)社交聚会	Are you going to Sarah's birthday party tonight?
pass	v. 经/通/穿/度过；传递n. 通行证；考试及格	I passed my driving test the first time I took it.
passable	adj.过得去的	The food at the restaurant was passable, but not great.
passage	n. 通过，经过；通路，走廊；(一)段落，(一)节	He read a short passage from the novel.
passenger	n. 乘客，旅客	The bus was full of passengers on their way home.
passion	n. 激情	She has a great passion for music and art.
passionate	adj.多情的，热烈的	He gave a very passionate and persuasive speech.
passive	a. 被动的	She has a very passive personality and always lets others decide.
passport	n. 护照,保障,手段	Don't forget to take your passport with you to the airport.
past	a. 过去的ad. 过n. 过去，昔日prep. (经)过	The time for excuses is past; we need to take action.
past-due	adj.过期的	The bill is past-due and needs to be paid immediately.
paste	n. 糊，浆糊v. 粘，贴	She used some paste to fix the broken pieces of the vase.
pastime	n. 消遣,娱乐	Gardening is a favorite pastime for many people.
pasture	n./v. 牧场,放牧	The cows were grazing in the green mountain pasture.
pat	v./n. 轻拍，轻打，抚摸	He gave the dog a gentle pat on the head.
patch	n. 补钉,眼罩;斑点;小块土地;vt. 补缀;修补,平息	She had a small patch of vegetables in her backyard.
patent	a. 明显的,获得专利的;n. 专利,专利 权,专利品;vt. 取得…专利	The company decided to patent its new technology.
path	n. 小路，小径；路线，轨道	We followed a narrow path through the forest.
pathetic	a. 可怜的,悲惨的;不适当的	The old man looked very pathetic and lonely.
patience	n. 耐心，忍耐	The teacher showed a lot of patience with the young children.
patient	a. 有耐心的，能忍耐的n. 病人，患者	The patient is making a steady recovery after the surgery.
patriot	n.爱国者，爱国主义者	The soldiers were hailed as patriots who fought for their country.
patriotic	a. 爱国的	The school places a strong emphasis on patriotic values.
patriotism	n. 爱国主义,民族主义	The victory was a source of great national pride and patriotism.
patrol	vt./vi. 巡逻,巡查	The police patrol the city streets every night.
patron	n. 赞助人;资助人;老顾客,主顾	The museum relies on the support of its generous patrons.
patronage	n.赞助,资助,恩赐的态度,互惠互利	The artist received patronage from several wealthy families.
pattern	n. 模式，式样；图案，图样v. 仿制，模仿	The fabric has a beautiful colorful pattern.
pause	v./n. 中止，暂停	He took a long pause before answering the question.
pave	vt. 铺(路等)	The path was paved with small grey stones.
pavement	n. 人行道	Please walk on the pavement, not in the street.
paw	n. 爪	The dog had a thorn stuck in its paw.
pawn	v.典当,抵押,以...担保 n.小卒,被人利用的人	He had to pawn his watch to pay the rent.
pay	v. 付款，付出代价，给予注意n. 工资，薪金	I need to pay the electric bill before the end of the month.
payable	adj.支付给的	The fees are payable at the beginning of each term.
payment	n. 支付，付款额	We received a late payment for the services provided.
pea	n. 豌豆	I like to have some fresh peas with my lunch.
peace	n. 和平；平静，安宁	Everyone hopes for peace and stability in the region.
peaceful	a. 和平的，平静的，安宁的，爱好和平的	The village is a very peaceful and quiet place.
peach	n. 桃，桃树	I bought some ripe and juicy peaches at the market.
peacock	n.孔雀	The peacock displayed its beautiful colorful feathers.
peak	n. 山顶，最高点；峰，山峰a. 高峰的，最高的	The team is currently at the peak of its performance.
peanut	n. 花生	I like to have some roasted peanuts as a snack.
pear	n. 梨子，梨树	I had a fresh pear for dessert.
pearl	n. 珍珠	She wore a beautiful necklace of white pearls.
peasant	n. (不用于英国或美国)小农；佃农；农民	The peasants worked hard in the fields from dawn to dusk.
peasantry	n.农民(总称)	The history of the region was shaped by the struggles of the peasantry.
pebble	n. 卵石	The beach was covered in small colorful pebbles.
peck	vt.&vi.啄，啄起	The birds were pecking at the crumbs on the ground.
peculiar	a. 奇怪的,古怪的;特有的,独具的,独特的	She has some very peculiar and strange habits.
peculiarity	n.特性，独特性；怪癖	The design of the building has several peculiarities.
pedal	n./v. 脚蹬,踏板;踩踏板	He decided to pedal his bike to work instead of driving.
pedestrian	n. 步行者a. 徒步的，呆板的，通俗的	The street is for pedestrians only; cars are not allowed.
pedlar	n.(挨户兜售的)小贩	The old pedlar sold several simple household items.
peel	v./n. 剥皮;皮	Please peel the potatoes before cooking them.
peep	v. 偷看，窥视	He decided to take a quick peep inside the box.
peer	n. 同等;同辈;vi. 仔细看,费力地看	The young scientist is highly respected by his peers.
peg	n.桩v.(汇率)钉住	The local currency is pegged to the US dollar.
pen	n. 钢笔，圆珠笔，作家，围栏vt. 写，关入栏中	I need to buy a new black pen for the office.
penalty	n. 处罚;惩罚	There is a severe penalty for breaking the safety rules.
pencil	n. 铅笔vt. 用铅笔写	He used a pencil to draw a quick sketch of the landscape.
pending	adj.未决的，紧迫的	The decision is still pending further investigation.
penetrate	v. 穿过;透过;看穿,洞察;秘密潜入	The explorers managed to penetrate the deep jungle.
penetration	n.穿入；渗透，侵入	The company is trying to increase its market penetration.
penicillin	n.青霉素，盘尼西林	Penicillin was the first effective antibiotic to be discovered.
peninsular	n.半岛	The city is located on a small rocky peninsular.
penny	n. 便士，美分	He didn't have a single penny in his pocket.
pension	n./vt. 养老金,退休金;给予养老金	The retired teacher receives a small monthly pension.
people	n. 人们，人；[the -	There were thousands of people at the music festival.
pepper	n. 胡椒粉，胡椒；辣椒	Add some black pepper to the soup for extra flavor.
per	prep. 每；经，由	The price of the fabric is ten dollars per meter.
perceive	vt. 察觉,发觉;理解	It is difficult to perceive any change in the situation.
percent	n. 百分之…的	About eighty percent of the students passed the exam.
percentage	n. 百分数，百分率，百分比	A large percentage of the population lives in the city.
perception	n.感觉；概念；理解力	His perception of the problem was quite different from mine.
perch	n.(禽鸟的)栖木	The bird sat on its high perch and watched the garden.
perfect	a. 完善的；完全的；(语法)完成的v. 使完美	The weather was absolutely perfect for a day at the beach.
perfection	n. 尽善尽美，完美	The young gymnast achieved perfection in her performance.
perfectly	ad.很，完全	I understand your situation perfectly.
perform	v. 履行，执行；表演，演出；完成(事业)	The surgeon will perform the operation tomorrow morning.
performance	n. 演出,表演;履行,执行;工作情况,表现;(机器等)工作性能	The actor gave a brilliant performance in the new play.
performer	n.执行者，表演者	The street performers attracted a large crowd of tourists.
perfume	n. 香水,香味	She wore a light and floral perfume.
perhaps	ad. 也许，大概，恐怕	Perhaps we can go to the cinema on Saturday night.
peril	n. (严重的)危险;危险的事物	The explorers faced great peril during their journey across the desert.
perimeter	n. 周边,周长,周界	The building is surrounded by a high security perimeter.
period	n. 时期，时代；学时；周期，一段时间；句点	The project was completed over a period of six months.
periodic	n.周期的；一定时期的	The elements are arranged in the periodic table.
periodical	a. 周期的;定期的;n. 期刊;杂志	She publishes her research in an international periodical.
peripheral	a.周界的；末梢的	The problem was caused by a minor peripheral issue.
perish	vt./vi. 死亡,使痛苦;(橡胶、皮革等)失去弹性,老化	Many rare species of animals are at risk of perishing due to climate change.
permanence	n.永久，持久	The decision has a sense of permanence and finality.
permanent	a. 永久的,持久的	He is looking for a permanent job with a stable salary.
permanently	ad.永久地，持久地	The family decided to move to New York permanently.
permission	n. 允许，同意	You need to get permission before you can use the computer.
permissive	adj.允许的，许可的	The school has a very permissive and relaxed environment.
permit	v. 许可，允许n. 许可证，执照	Smoking is not permitted inside the building.
perpendicular	a. 垂直的,成直角的;直立的; n. 垂直线	The walls of the building are perpendicular to the floor.
perpetual	a. 永久的,永恒的	The mountains are covered in perpetual snow.
perplex	vt. 困惑,迷惑	The complex puzzle served to perplex even the most intelligent students.
persecute	vt. (尤指因宗教或政治信仰不同)迫害;烦扰	The group was persecuted for its religious beliefs.
persecution	n.迫害	They fled their homeland to escape political persecution.
persevere	vi. 锲而不舍	If you want to succeed, you must persevere in the face of difficulties.
perseverance	n.坚持	Her perseverance eventually led to a major scientific breakthrough.
persist	vi. 坚持;持续	If the symptoms persist, you should see a doctor immediately.
persistence	n.坚持；持续，存留	His persistence in pursuing his goals was truly admirable.
person	n. 人，喜欢(或适应)…的人；人物；人称	She is a very kind and helpful person.
personal	a. 个人的，私人的；亲自的；身体的，人身的	I have some personal matters to attend to this afternoon.
personality	n. 个性;(有名的)人物	She has a very outgoing and cheerful personality.
personally	adv.亲自，就个人而言	Personally, I think the new plan is a great idea.
personnel	n. 职员,人员,人事	The company is looking for new personnel for its marketing department.
perspective	n. 透视,透视画法;视角,观点	Traveling can give you a new perspective on the world.
persuade	v. 说服，劝说；(of)使相信	I managed to persuade my parents to let me go on the trip.
persuasion	n. 说服，说服力	He used all his powers of persuasion to win the argument.
pertain	vi. 附属;有关	The new regulations pertain only to international students.
pertinence	n.有关性,相关性,针对性	The pertinence of his remarks to the discussion was evident.
pertinent	a. 贴切的,中肯的;相关的	He asked several pertinent questions during the meeting.
perturb	vt. 使不安,烦扰	The news of the accident seemed to perturb her significantly.
perturbed	adj.烦躁不安的	He looked quite perturbed by the sudden change in plans.
perusal	n.细读	The document is available for your perusal in the office.
peruse	v.仔细阅读，审查	I spent the afternoon perusing the reports.
pessimist	n.悲观(主义)	Don't be such a pessimist; everything will turn out fine.
pessimistic	a. 悲观(主义)的	The report gives a very pessimistic outlook for the economy.
pest	n. 害虫	Farmers use pesticides to protect their crops from pests.
pet	n. 爱畜，宠儿a. 宠爱的，表示亲昵的	Do you have any pets, like a dog or a cat?
petition	n. 祈求,请求;请愿,请求书v. (向…)请愿,正式请求	They signed a petition to protest the new law.
petrol	n. 汽油	The car is running low on petrol.
petroleum	n. 石油	Petroleum is a major source of energy for many industries.
petty	a. 小的,次要的;心胸狭窄的	Don't waste your time on petty arguments.
phase	n. 阶段，状态，时期；相，相位	The project is currently in its initial phase.
phenomenon	n. 现象，稀有现象，珍品，奇迹，杰出人才	The Northern Lights are a spectacular natural phenomenon.
philosopher	n. 哲学家，哲人	Plato was a famous ancient Greek philosopher.
philosophical	adj.哲学上的	The book explores several deep philosophical questions.
philosophy	n. 哲学，哲理，人生观，价值观，世界观	She is studying philosophy and ethics at university.
phone	n. (telephone)电话，电话机，耳机v. 打电话	I'll give you a phone call later today.
phonetics	n.语音学	She is studying the phonetics of several different languages.
photo	n.照片	He showed us some beautiful photos of his trip to Japan.
photograph	n. 照片	She took a photograph of the sunset over the ocean.
photographer	n.摄影师	He works as a professional photographer for a travel magazine.
photography	n.摄影术	Photography is a very popular hobby for many people.
photostatic	adj.静电复印的	We need a photostatic copy of the original document.
phrase	n. 短语，词语，习语	English is full of strange and interesting phrases.
physical	a. 物质的；肉体的，身体的；自然科学的，物理的	Regular physical exercise is important for overall health.
physically	ad.物质上；体格上	He is physically very strong and energetic.
physician	n. 医生	You should consult a physician if the pain persists.
physicist	n. 物理学家	Einstein was a brilliant theoretical physicist.
physics	n. 物理(学)	She is studying physics and mathematics at university.
pianist	n.钢琴家	The young pianist gave a brilliant performance at the concert.
piano	n. 钢琴	She has been playing the piano since she was five years old.
pick	v. 拾，采，摘；挑选，选择n. 镐，鹤嘴锄	I need to pick some fresh vegetables from the garden.
pickle	n.腌制食品，泡菜	Would you like a pickle with your sandwich?
pickpocket	n.扒手，小偷	Be careful of pickpockets in crowded tourist areas.
picnic	n./vi. 野餐	We decided to have a picnic in the park on Sunday.
pictorial	n.画报	The magazine is a pictorial history of the 20th century.
picture	n. 画，图片；影片；美景v. 画，描述，想象	I enjoy looking at old pictures of my family.
picturesque	a. 似画的,生动的	The village is located in a very picturesque valley.
pie	n. 馅饼	I bought a fresh apple pie at the bakery.
piece	n. (一)件/片/篇；碎片v. (together)拼合，拼凑	He broke the vase into a hundred pieces.
pier	n. 码头,桥墩	The boat is docked at the end of the long wooden pier.
pig	n. 猪，猪肉；猪一般的人(指肮脏，贪吃的人)	The farmer keeps a small herd of pigs.
pigeon	n. 鸽	A flock of pigeons flew up from the square.
pigment	n. 颜料,色素	The artist used several different natural pigments in her work.
pile	n. 堆，大量，大数目v. (up)堆，叠，堆积	There was a large pile of books on his desk.
pilferage	v.偷窃	The company is trying to reduce pilferage from its warehouse.
pilgrim	n. 香客,朝圣者	Thousands of pilgrims visit the holy site every year.
pilgrimage	n.朝圣	They went on a pilgrimage to Mecca.
pill	n. 药丸	The doctor told him to take one pill three times a day.
pillar	n. 柱,栋梁	The roof of the cathedral is supported by massive stone pillars.
pillow	n. 枕头	She lay her head on the soft pillow and soon fell asleep.
pilot	n./vt. 飞行员,试验	The pilot managed to land the plane safely despite the storm.
pin	n. 大头针;vt. 用别针别住;钉住,使不能行动	Please use a pin to attach the note to the board.
pinch	vt. 捏,拧,掐,夹痛,紧压;n. 压力,重压;微量	He gave his brother a small pinch on the arm.
pine	vi. 消瘦,衰弱;n. 松树	The mountains are covered in tall green pine trees.
pineapple	n.凤梨，波萝	I love fresh pineapple, especially in the summer.
pink	n. 粉红色a. 粉红色的	She wore a pretty pink dress to the wedding.
pint	n. 品脱	He ordered a pint of beer at the pub.
pioneer	n. 先驱，倡导者，开拓者	She was a pioneer in the field of modern medicine.
pioneering	n.先驱的	The company's pioneering work led to several new discoveries.
pious	a.虔诚的；虔奉宗教的	He was a very pious and deeply religious man.
pipe	n. 管子，导管；烟斗；笛	I think there is a leak in the water pipe.
pipeline	n.管道，管线	The new oil pipeline will run across several states.
pirate	n./v. 海盗，盗版(者)	The movie was a popular story about pirates and hidden treasure.
pistol	n. 手枪	The police officer drew his pistol and ordered the suspect to stop.
piston	n. 活塞	The engine uses a series of pistons to generate power.
pit	n. 坑;凹部;修理站	The miners worked deep in the coal pit.
pitch	n. 球场;声音的高低度;程度;沥青 vt./vi. 投掷;搭帐,扎营;坠落	The cricket pitch was in excellent condition for the game.
pitcher	n.水罐	She poured some cold water from the pitcher into her glass.
pity	v. (觉得)可怜，惋惜n. 憾事，怜悯	It's a great pity that you can't come to the party.
place	n. 地方；名次；地位；寓所v. 安排；放置；投(资)	New York is a very exciting place to live.
plague	n. 瘟疫;麻烦,祸患	The city was once devastated by a terrible plague.
plain	a. 明白的；朴素的；坦率；平凡n. 平原，旷野	The meaning of his words was quite plain.
plan	n. 计划，规划；平面图，设计图v. 计划	We have a plan to go to the beach tomorrow.
plane	n. 飞机；平面，水平面	The plane took off exactly on time.
planet	n. 行星	Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
plant	n. 植物，作物；工厂；装置v. 栽种，播种，栽培	The factory has been built near the power plant.
plantation	n. 种植园	He works on a large rubber plantation in Malaysia.
plaster	n./vt. 膏药;(涂)灰泥	He had to wear a plaster cast on his broken arm.
plastic	n. (常pl. )塑料，塑料制品a. 可塑的，塑性的	Most toys are made of strong and durable plastic.
plastics	n.塑料(制品)	The company specializes in the manufacture of high-quality plastics.
plate	n. 金属板，片；盘子，盆子；板，钢板v. 镀，电镀	He finished his meal and cleared his plate.
plateau	n. 高原;(上升后的)稳定水平(或时期、状态)	The city is located on a high plateau surrounded by mountains.
platform	n. 月台,站台,讲台,(政党的)政纲,党纲	The train arrived at platform four.
platinum	n.白金	She wore a beautiful ring made of white platinum.
play	v. 玩，做游戏；参加比赛n. 游戏；玩耍；剧本	The children were playing in the backyard all afternoon.
player	n.游戏的人；比赛者	He is one of the best players on the team.
playground	n. 运动场，游戏场	The kids were playing on the swings in the playground.
playmate	n.游伴	He spent the whole afternoon playing with his little playmates.
playwright	n.剧作家	Shakespeare is one of the most famous playwrights in history.
plea	n. (法律)抗辩;恳求;请求,托词,口实	The suspect entered a plea of not guilty.
plead	v. 恳求，请求；为…辩护；提出…为理由	He decided to plead for mercy in front of the judge.
pleasant	a. 令人愉快的vt. 使高兴vi. 满意；喜欢	We had a very pleasant walk in the park on Sunday.
please	v. 请；使愉快，使满意；喜欢，愿意	Please let me know if you can come to the party.
pleased	adj.高兴的，乐意的	I'm very pleased with the results of the project.
pleasure	n. 愉快，快乐；乐事，乐趣	It was a great pleasure to meet you today.
pledge	n. 保证,誓言;信物;抵押品;vt. 保证,许诺	He took a pledge to serve his country faithfully.
plenary	adj.完全的,绝对的 n.全体会议,全会	The final decision was made at the plenary session of the conference.
plentiful	a. 富裕的，丰富的	There was a plentiful supply of food and water for everyone.
plenty	n. 丰富，大量	We have plenty of time to finish the work before the deadline.
plight	n. 困境,苦境	The organization is working to help refugees in their difficult plight.
plot	n. 小块土地;阴谋;情节;vt. 绘制,标绘;密谋,策划	The police managed to uncover a plot to overthrow the government.
plough	n./v. 犁,犁形器具;犁地	The farmer was busy using a horse to plough the field.
pluck	vt.采，摘；拉下 n.拉	She decided to pluck some fresh flowers from the garden.
plug	n./v. 塞子,栓,插头,通电	Please insert the plug into the electrical socket.
plumb	n. 铅锤,测锤;vt. 探测,查明	The scientists are trying to plumb the depths of the ocean.
plumber	n. (装修水管的)管子工	We called a plumber to fix the broken sink.
plume	n.羽毛，羽饰	A large plume of smoke was visible from the volcano.
plump	vt.丰满的；鼓起的	She has very plump and rosy cheeks.
plunder	vt./vi. 抢劫,掠夺	The enemy troops began to plunder the city after it was captured.
plunge	v./n. 投入,插入;跳水	The temperature took a sudden plunge last night.
plural	a. 复数的n. 复数	In English, the plural of 'child' is 'children'.
plus	prep./n. 加,加号 a. 正的	Three plus two equals five.
ply	v.使用,固定往来,持续大量供应 n.(夹板的)层片	The ferries ply regularly between the two islands.
p.m.	n.下午，午后	The meeting is scheduled for 3 P.M. tomorrow afternoon.
pneumatic	a.空气的；气动的	The drill is powered by a pneumatic system.
pneumonia	n. 肺炎	He was hospitalized with a severe case of pneumonia.
pocket	n. 衣袋a. 袖珍的，小型的v. 把…装入袋内	I put my keys in my jacket pocket.
poem	n. 诗	She wrote a beautiful poem about the ocean.
poet	n. 诗人	Li Bai is one of China's most famous poets.
poetry	n. 诗歌，诗集	I enjoy reading classic English poetry in my spare time.
point	n. 尖；点；条款；分数，得分；论点v. (at，to)指	He made a very good point during the discussion.
pointed	a. 尖锐的;率直的	She gave him a very pointed and critical look.
poison	n. 毒物，毒药v. 放毒，毒害，污染	The substance was found to contain a lethal poison.
poisonous	a. 有毒的，恶意的，恶毒的，道德败坏的	Be careful not to touch the poisonous plants in the forest.
poke	v./n. 拨;戳	She gave him a quick poke in the arm to wake him up.
poker	n.扑克,拨火铁棒,直挺挺的,僵硬的	They spent the evening playing a game of poker.
polar	a. 两极的，极地的，南辕北辙的n. 极线，极面	Polar bears are perfectly adapted to the cold Arctic environment.
polarity	n.极性；(思想等)归向	The magnets show a clear polarity, with north and south poles.
pole	n. 极;杆	We put a flag on top of the long wooden pole.
police	n. 警察，警察机关a. 警察的v. 管辖	The police are investigating the cause of the fire.
policeman	n. 警察	The policeman ordered the driver to pull over.
policy	n. 政策;保险单	The government is introducing a new economic policy.
polish	vt./vi 磨光,擦光;润饰,使优美;n. 擦光剂;优美,完善	He spent the afternoon polishing his shoes.
polite	a. 有礼貌的，客气的；有教养的，文雅的	It is important to be polite and respectful to everyone.
politeness	n.礼貌，客气	Her natural politeness made her very popular with everyone.
political	a. 政治的	The country is facing a serious political crisis.
politician	n. 政治家，政客	He is a well-known politician who has served in the government for years.
politics	n. 政治，政治学；政纲，政见	She is studying international politics at university.
poll	n. 民意测验；(pl.)政治选举v. 获得…选票	The latest opinion poll shows a drop in support for the government.
pollute	v. 弄脏，污染	Factories must be careful not to pollute the nearby river.
pollution	n. 污染	Air pollution is a major problem in many big cities.
polymer	n.聚合物，多聚物	Plastic is a type of synthetic polymer.
pond	n. 池塘	There are many frogs and fish in the small garden pond.
ponder	vt./vi. 深思,考虑	He sat quietly by the lake to ponder his future.
pony	n.小马	The little girl wanted a pony for her birthday.
pool	n. 水池，游泳池；合资经营v. 合伙经营，联营	We went for a swim in the hotel's outdoor pool.
poor	a. 贫困的；可怜的；贫乏的；贫瘠的；低劣的	The organization provides food and shelter for poor families.
pop	a. 流行的n. (发出)砰的一声v. 突然出现	He likes to listen to pop music while he's working.
popcorn	n.爆米花	We bought a large bucket of popcorn at the cinema.
pope	n. 罗马教皇，主教，大腿上要害部位	The Pope addressed the crowd in St. Peter's Square.
popular	a. 流行的，通俗的，大众的；广受欢迎的	The new movie is very popular among young people.
popularity	n.通俗性；普及，流行	The popularity of the singer has increased significantly this year.
popularize	v.普及，宣传	The scientists are trying to popularize the latest research.
population	n. 人口，(全体)居民	The population of the city has doubled in the last decade.
porcelain	n. 瓷器	The museum has a collection of fine Chinese porcelain.
porch	n. 门廊,走廊	We sat on the front porch and watched the sunset.
pore	n.毛孔，气孔，细孔	The skin absorbs the lotion through the pores.
pork	n. 猪肉	I ordered a pork chop with vegetables for dinner.
porridge	n.粥，麦片粥	I like to have a hot bowl of porridge for breakfast.
port	n. 港口,舱门,舱口,(船、飞机)左舷	The ship arrived at the port early this morning.
portable	a. 轻便的，手提(式)的，可移动的	The new laptop is very lightweight and portable.
porter	n. 守门人，门房，行李搬运工，服务员	The hotel porter helped us with our heavy luggage.
portion	n. 一部分,一份,一客	I only ate a small portion of the cake.
portrait	n. 肖像，画像	The artist painted a beautiful portrait of the queen.
portray	v. 描写，描述；画(人物、景象等)	The movie portrays the life of a famous professional musician.
Portugal	n.葡萄牙	Lisbon is the capital city of Portugal.
Portuguese	n.葡萄牙人；葡萄牙语	She is learning how to speak Portuguese for her trip to Brazil.
pose	vt. 造成,引起(困难等);提出(问题等),陈述(论点等) ;vi. 摆姿势;假装,冒充,装腔作势;n. 样子,姿势	The rise in sea levels poses a serious threat to coastal cities.
position	n. 位置；职位；姿势，姿态；见解，立场，形势	He holds a high-level position in the company.
positive	a. 确定的,明确的;(指人)确信的;实际的,有用的;[数	Her positive attitude helped the team succeed.
positively	ad.确定的，断然	The project was positively received by the management.
possess	v. 占有，拥有	The country possesses vast natural resources.
possession	n. 所有,拥有,财产	He lost all his worldly possessions in the fire.
possessive	adj.所有(格)的	She is very possessive of her personal belongings.
possibility	n. 可能，可能性；可能的事，希望	There is a distinct possibility that it will rain tomorrow.
possible	a. 可能的，做得到的；合理的；可允许的	It is possible to finish the project by tomorrow.
possibly	ad. 可能地，也许；无论如何	I can't possibly finish all this work by tonight.
post	v. 贴出；公告；投寄n. (支)柱；邮政，邮寄；职位	Please post this letter for me on your way home.
postage	n. 邮费,邮资	What is the postage for a letter to Japan?
postal	a.邮政的，邮局的	The postal service has been delayed by the strike.
postcard	n. 明信片	I sent a postcard to my parents from our holiday in Italy.
posterity	n.子孙，后代	The artist hoped that his work would be remembered by posterity.
postman	n. 邮递员	The postman delivers the mail every morning at 10 AM.
post-office	n.邮局	I need to go to the post-office to buy some stamps.
postpone	vt. 推迟,延缓	The meeting has been postponed until next Tuesday.
postponement	n.推迟	The postponement of the game was due to bad weather.
postulate	vt.要求，假定，假设	The theory postulates that the universe is constantly expanding.
pot	n. 罐，壶	I bought a new ceramic pot for my plant.
potato	n. 马铃薯，土豆	I had a jacket potato with cheese for lunch.
potent	a. 有力的,有效的	The new drug is a very potent treatment for the disease.
potential	a. 可能的,潜在的;n. 潜能;潜力	The new technology has the potential to change our lives.
potentiality	n.潜在性	The scientist explored the potentialities of the new discovery.
poultry	n. 家禽,家禽肉	The farmer keeps a large number of poultry, including chickens and ducks.
pound	n. 磅；英镑v. (连续)猛击，(猛烈)敲打，捣碎	The heavy rain began to pound against the roof.
pour	vt./vi. (液体)灌,注,倒;流入,流出	She poured some orange juice into a glass.
poverty	n. 贫困,贫穷	The organization is working to eliminate world poverty.
powder	n. 粉末，药粉；火药，炸药	The ground was covered in a fine white powder.
power	n. 力，精力；功率，电力；(数学)幂；权力，势力	The company is a major power in the telecommunications industry.
powerful	a. 强大的，有力的，有权的	The storm was so powerful that it blew down several trees.
practicable	a. 可实行的,能用的,可行的	His plan for a floating city was not considered practicable.
practical	a. 实行的;注重实际的,实用的	We need a practical solution to this problem.
practically	ad. 几乎，实际上，简直	The project is practically finished; we just need to check the details.
practice	n. 练习，实践，实际，业务，惯例，习惯	It is important to put your theory into practice.
practise	v. 练习，实习，实践，实行，使…练习，训练	She practises the piano for two hours every day.
prairie	n.大草原，牧场	The buffalo roamed across the vast green prairie.
praise	v. 赞扬，歌颂；表扬n. 称赞，赞美；赞美的话	The teacher praised the students for their hard work.
pray	v. 请求，恳求；祈祷，祈求	Many people pray for peace and prosperity.
prayer	n. 祈祷，祷告，祷文	She said a quick prayer before the operation.
preach	vt./vi. 传教;讲道;劝诫;鼓吹	The priest began to preach to the congregation.
preacher	n.鼓吹者，宣教士	He was a charismatic preacher who attracted large crowds.
precaution	n. 预防	You should take precautions against the flu during the winter.
precede	v. 领先(于)，在(…之前)；优先，先于	The lightning usually precedes the thunder.
precedence	n. 在前,优先	The needs of the patients must take precedence over everything else.
precedent	n. 先例	The court ruling set a significant legal precedent.
preceding	a. 在前的,在先的	The events of the preceding week were still clear in his mind.
precious	a. 宝贵的,珍贵的	Diamond is one of the most precious gems in the world.
precise	a. 精确的	What is the precise time?
precisely	adv.精确地,恰好,正是,确实	That's precisely what I was trying to say.
precision	n. 精确，精确度	The device measures the temperature with high precision.
predecessor	n. 前任	He was a much more popular leader than his predecessor.
predict	v. 预言，预测，预告	Scientists are trying to predict when the volcano will erupt.
prediction	n.预言，预告；预报	The weather prediction for tomorrow is sunny and warm.
predominance	n.优越，杰出	The predominance of the internet has changed the way we live.
predominant	a. 主要的,占优势的	The predominant language in the region is Spanish.
preface	n./v. 序言;为…加序	The author wrote a short preface to the new edition of the book.
prefer	v. (to)更喜欢，宁愿	I prefer coffee to tea in the morning.
preferable	a. (to)更可取的，更好的	A quiet location would be preferable for our holiday.
preferably	adv.更好地,宁可	We'd like to find a house near the beach, preferably with an ocean view.
preference	n. (for，to)偏爱，喜爱；优惠；优先选择	She has a strong preference for classical music.
preferential	adj.优惠的	The bank offers preferential interest rates to its regular customers.
prefix	n.前缀	The word 'unhappy' has the prefix 'un-'.
pregnancy	n.怀孕	She is in her sixth month of pregnancy.
pregnant	a. 怀孕的,意义深远的	She finally became pregnant after years of trying.
prejudice	n. 偏见,成见;(法律)损害,伤害	The organization is working to eliminate racial prejudice.
preliminary	a. 初步的,开端的	The initial results of the preliminary study are very positive.
prelude	n. 序言,序幕	The small protest was a prelude to the larger demonstration later that day.
premature	adj.早熟的,过早的,提前	The baby was born three weeks premature.
premier	n. 首相，总理	The premier announced a new plan to boost the economy.
premises	n.建筑物,房屋,契约,营业场所	The company decided to move to larger premises next year.
premium	n.保险费;额外费用	You need to pay an annual premium for your health insurance.
preoccupy	v.使迷住，专心于	She was so preoccupied with her work that she didn't hear him enter.
preparation	n. 准备，预备；制剂，制备品	The teacher spent hours in preparation for the lesson.
prepare	v. 准备，预备	We need to prepare for the upcoming meeting.
prepared	adj.准备好的，愿意的,期望的	I'm not prepared to accept such a low offer.
preposition	n. 介词	In the phrase 'on the table', 'on' is a preposition.
prescribe	v. 吩咐使用;开(药)	The doctor prescribed some antibiotics for my infection.
prescribed	adj.规定的	You must complete the course within the prescribed time limit.
prescription	n. 药方，处方	I need to go to the pharmacy to get my prescription filled.
presence	n. 出席,到场;风采,风度	His presence at the meeting was a surprise to everyone.
present	a. 出席的，现在的n. 现在，礼物v. 赠送，提出	What are we going to buy him for his birthday present?
presentation	n. 赠送;提出;显示;描述	He gave a very clear and interesting presentation about his research.
presently	ad. 一会儿，不久；现在，目前	The doctor will be with you presently.
preservation	n.保存，储藏；保持	The organization is dedicated to the preservation of wildlife.
preserve	vt. 保护,保存	The museum is trying to preserve the ancient artifacts.
preset	vt.预先装置	The oven has a preset temperature for baking bread.
preside	v. (at，over)主持	The chairman will preside over the meeting this afternoon.
president	n. 总统，校长，会长，主席	The president gave a televised speech to the nation.
presidential	adj.总统的	The presidential election will take place next November.
press	v. 压；压榨；紧迫，催促n. 报刊，通讯社；压榨机	He decided to press the button and see what happened.
pressing	adj.急迫的,再三要求的,恳切要求的 n.同批的唱片,模压制品	We have several pressing issues that need to be discussed.
pressure	n. 压，压力，压迫，强制，紧迫，困苦，困难	The high blood pressure can lead to several health problems.
prestige	n. 威信,声望;(由于成功、财富等而产生)显赫	The award added a lot of prestige to the university.
presumably	ad. 假定地;也许	Presumably, she had forgotten about our appointment.
presume	v. 假定，假设，认为，揣测，滥用，擅自行动	I presume that you are happy with the decision.
pretend	v. 假装，假托，借口，(在演戏中)装扮	She tried to pretend that she wasn't surprised.
pretense	n.借口	His friendliness was all a pretense to get what he wanted.
pretentious	a. 自负的,自命不凡的	He was criticized for his pretentious and arrogant behavior.
pretty	ad. 相当，很a. 漂亮的，俊俏的，标致的	She is a very pretty and talented young woman.
prevail	vi. 流行,盛行	Justice will eventually prevail.
prevailing	adj.占上风的	The prevailing wind in this region is from the west.
prevalence	n.流行,普遍,广泛	The prevalence of the disease has decreased significantly.
prevalent	a. 普遍的,流行的	Smoking is less prevalent among young people than it used to be.
prevent	v. (from)预防，防止，阻止，制止，妨碍	Vaccines help to prevent many serious diseases.
prevention	n.预防，阻止，妨碍	The organization focuses on the prevention of animal cruelty.
previous	a. 先前的	He has no previous experience in this field.
previously	ad.先前，预先	The house had previously belonged to a famous artist.
prey	vi./n. 捕食;被捕食的动物	The lion was searching for its prey in the long grass.
price	n. 价格，价钱；代价v. 标价	The price of the car is very reasonable.
price-list	n.价格表	Please send us your latest price-list for the products.
pricing	n.定价	The company is reviewing its pricing strategy for the new year.
prick	n./v. 刺伤，刺痛，刺孔	He felt a sharp prick on his arm from a thorn.
pride	n. 自豪；自满；引以自豪的东西v. 使自豪	She takes great pride in her daughter's achievements.
priest	n. 教士，神父	The priest delivered a moving sermon at the Sunday service.
primarily	ad.首先；主要地	The project is primarily aimed at young people in rural areas.
primary	a. 最初的，初级的；首要的，主要的，基本的	His primary concern is the safety of his family.
prime	a. 主要的;最好的	The hotel is in a prime location near the city center.
primitive	a. 原始的,简单的	The explorers lived in primitive conditions in the jungle.
prince	n. 王子，亲王	The prince was next in line to the throne.
princess	n. 公主，王妃	The little girl wanted to dress up as a princess for the party.
principal	a. 主要的;n. 校长	The principal reason for the delay was the bad weather.
principally	ad.主要，大抵	The book is principally about the history of ancient Rome.
principle	n. 原理，原则；主义，信念	He is a man of high moral principles.
print	n. 印刷，印刷品，字体v. 印刷，出版；洗印	The newspaper is printed on recycled paper.
printer	n.印刷工；印花工	I need to buy a new cartridge for my laser printer.
prior	a. 较早的;更重要的	You need to get prior approval before you can start the work.
priority	n. 先，前；优先，重点，优先权	Education should be a top priority for the government.
prism	n.棱柱(体)；棱镜	White light is split into its component colors as it passes through a prism.
prison	n. 监狱	He was sent to prison for his role in the robbery.
prisoner	n. 囚犯	The prisoners were allowed to exercise for one hour a day.
privacy	n. 隐私;秘密	Everyone has a right to their personal privacy.
private	a. 私人的，个人的，秘密的，私下的n. 士兵，列兵	This is a private matter and I don't want to discuss it here.
privilege	n. 特权;优惠	It is a privilege to be able to study at such a prestigious university.
privileged	adj.有特权的,幸运的,保密的,秘密的	She comes from a very privileged background.
prize	n. 奖赏，奖金，奖品v. 珍视，珍惜	He won the first prize in the national essay competition.
probability	n. 可能性，或然性，概率	There is a high probability that it will rain tomorrow.
probable	a. 很可能的，大概的；有希望的，可能的	The most probable cause of the fire was a short circuit.
probably	ad.或许，大概	I'll probably go to the cinema on Saturday night.
probe	n./v. 医学探针;新闻调查;探测	The police are conducting a thorough probe into the corruption case.
problem	n. 问题，疑难问题；思考题，讨论题	We need to find a solution to this problem as soon as possible.
problematic	adj.有问题的,有困难,有疑问,阴暗的	The new policy has proved to be highly problematic.
procedure	n. 过程,步骤	The standard procedure for reporting an accident is explained in the manual.
proceed	vi. 进行;着手	After some delay, the meeting finally proceeded as planned.
proceeding	n. 行动，进行，(pl.)会议录，学报	The court proceedings lasted for several weeks.
proceeds	n.收益	The proceeds from the auction will be donated to charity.
process	n. 过程，进程；工序，制作法；工艺v. 加工，处理	The entire manufacturing process is automated.
processing	n. &adj.加工(的)	Food processing can sometimes reduce the nutritional value of food.
procession	n. 队伍，行列	A long procession of mourners followed the hearse to the cemetery.
proclaim	vt. 宣告,声明;显示	The leader proclaimed a new era of peace and prosperity.
procure	vt. (努力)取得;获得	The organization is trying to procure food and medicine for the refugees.
procurement	n.采购	The government is reviewing its defense procurement procedures.
produce	v. 生产，制造，显示，演出，导致n. 产品	The factory produces thousands of cars every year.
producer	n.生产者；舞台监督	He is a famous producer of action movies.
product	n. 产品，产物；乘积	The company is launching a new product next month.
production	n. 生产，产品，作品，(研究)成果，总产量	Industrial production has increased by 5% this year.
productive	a. 能生产的;肥沃的	She had a very productive day at the office.
productivity	n. 生产率	We need to find new ways to improve labor productivity.
profess	v.表白	He continued to profess his innocence despite the evidence.
profession	n. 职业，专业，表白，宣布	She is a doctor by profession.
professional	a. 职业的 n. 专业人员	He is a highly professional and dedicated employee.
professor	n. 教授	Professor Smith is a leading expert in the field of chemistry.
proficiency	n. 熟练,进步	The job requires a high level of proficiency in English.
proficient	a.熟练的，精通的	She is very proficient in several different musical instruments.
profile	n. 侧面;轮廓	He has a very distinctive profile.
profit	n. 利益,利润	The company made a significant profit last year.
profitable	a. 有利可图的，有益的	The new business venture turned out to be very profitable.
proforma	adj.形式的,预计的	Please send us a proforma invoice for the goods.
profound	a. 深的,极深的;渊博的;深奥的	The discovery had a profound impact on the scientific community.
program	n. 节目，计划，规划，程序v. 编程序	What is your favorite television program?
programer	n.项目，程序制定者	The computer programer spent hours fixing the code.
programing	n.程序编排	I'm learning computer programing in my spare time.
progress	n. 进步，进展；前进v. 进步，进展；前进	The students are making steady progress in their studies.
progressive	a. 进步的，先进的；前进的	The city is known for its progressive and forward-thinking policies.
prohibit	vt. 禁止	Smoking is prohibited inside the building.
prohibition	n.禁止；禁令，禁律	The prohibition of alcohol lasted for several years in the US.
prohibitive	adj.禁止的	The cost of the repairs was prohibitive, so we decided to buy a new car.
project	n. 方案;计划;v. 设计;投影;抛	They are working on a new research project.
projection	n.射出，投射	The company's sales projections for next year are very positive.
projector	n. 放映机，幻灯机，投影仪	We used a digital projector to show the slides.
proletarian	adj. &n.无产阶级	The novel explores the lives of the urban proletarian class.
prolong	vt. 延长;拖延	They decided to prolong their stay by another week.
prominence	n.显着，突出	The issue has gained prominence in the media lately.
prominent	a. 突起的，凸出的；突出的，杰出的	He is a prominent figure in the local community.
promise	n./v. 诺言;指望;前途	He promised to return the book by Friday.
promising	a. 有希望的，有前途的	The young scientist has a very promising career ahead of her.
promissory	adj.约定的	The buyer signed a promissory note to guarantee the payment.
promote	vt. 开放;促进,宣传	The organization aims to promote international cooperation.
promotion	n.促进；提升；创立	He received a promotion to the position of manager.
prompt	a. 迅速的,准时的;vt. 敦促;怂恿	Thank you for your prompt reply to my email.
promptly	ad.敏捷地，迅速地	The issue was dealt with promptly by the management.
prone	a. 俯伏的;有…倾向	Tired people are more prone to making mistakes.
pronoun	n. 代词	In the sentence 'He likes coffee', 'He' is a pronoun.
pronounce	v. 发…的音；宣布，宣判	It is difficult to pronounce some of these foreign names correctly.
pronunciation	n. 发音，发音方法	His English pronunciation is very clear and natural.
proof	n. 证据，证明；校样，样张	The police found no proof linking him to the crime.
propaganda	n. 宣传,宣传方法	The government was accused of spreading political propaganda.
propagate	vt./vi. 繁殖,增殖,传播,宣传	Plants can propagate by seeds or by cuttings.
propagation	n.繁殖；传播；蔓延	The propagation of sound waves is faster in water than in air.
propel	vt. 推进,推动;激励,驱使	The boat is propelled by a powerful engine.
propellent	adj.推进的	The rocket uses a high-energy liquid propellent.
propeller	n.螺旋桨，推进器	The airplane's propeller began to turn as the engine started.
proper	a. 适合的；合乎体统的；固有的；有礼貌的	It is important to use the proper tools for the job.
properly	ad.适当地；彻底地	Please make sure that the door is locked properly.
property	n. 财产,房产,性质	The company has significant property holdings in the city center.
prophesy	n.预言	The ancient scrolls contain several dark prophecies about the future.
prophet	n. 预言家；先知；提倡者	The prophet predicted a time of peace and prosperity.
proportion	n. 比率,比例,大小,容积	A large proportion of the population lives in the city.
proportional	a.比例的；相称的	The strength of the signal is proportional to the distance.
proposal	n. 提议，建议；求婚	The committee is currently reviewing the new proposal.
propose	v. 提议;求婚	He decided to propose to his girlfriend during their holiday.
proposition	n. 主张，建议；陈述，命题	The new business venture is a risky but interesting proposition.
proprietor	n.所有者，业主	The proprietor of the shop was very friendly and helpful.
proprietorship	n.所有权	The company's proprietorship has changed several times.
prose	n. 散文a. 散文的	He writes beautiful prose about the natural world.
prosecute	vt. 起诉,告发;实行,从事	The company decided to prosecute the former employee for theft.
prosecution	n.起诉,诉讼,原告,实施,从事,进行	The prosecution presented several witnesses during the trial.
prosecutor	n.检察官	The public prosecutor opened the case against the suspect.
prospect	n. 景色;前景;vi. 勘探;寻找	The prospect of a new job is very exciting.
prosperity	n. 繁荣，兴旺	Everyone hopes for a time of peace and prosperity.
prosperous	a. 繁荣的，兴旺的，茂盛的，顺利的	The city has a very prosperous and growing economy.
protect	v. (from)保护，保卫	Vaccines help to protect children from serious diseases.
protection	n.保护，警戒	The building has several layers of fire protection.
protectionism	n.贸易保护主义	The new laws were criticized for promoting trade protectionism.
protective	a.保护的，防护的	He was very protective of his younger sister.
protein	n. 蛋白质	Meat and beans are good sources of protein.
protest	n. 抗议;反对;v. 抗议;申明	A large crowd gathered to protest against the new law.
protestant	n.清教徒，新教徒	He comes from a deeply religious Protestant family.
protocol	n. 礼仪,礼节,外交礼节	The visit was carried out according to strict diplomatic protocol.
prototype	n. 原型	The company is testing a prototype of its new electric car.
protracted	adj.延长了的	The negotiations between the two sides were long and protracted.
proud	a. (of)自豪的；引以自豪的；妄自尊大的	She was very proud of her son's achievements.
prove	v. 证明，证实；检验；考验；鉴定；结果是，表明是	The experiment was conducted to prove the theory.
proverb	n.谚语，格言，箴言	As the old proverb says, 'Haste makes waste'.
provide	v. 供应，供给，准备，预防，规定	The hotel provides complimentary breakfast to all guests.
provided	conj. 假如,如果	You can join us, provided that you finish your homework first.
province	n. 省；领域，范围，本分	He lives in a small village in the northern province.
provincial	adj.省级的，省的	The city has a wide variety of provincial landmarks.
provision	n. 准备;供应;条款	The contract includes a provision for early termination.
provisional	a. 临时的,暂时性的	The committee has made a provisional decision on the matter.
provocation	n.刺激，煽动	His rude behavior was a clear provocation.
provoke	vt. 激怒;引起	Don't provoke the dog; it might bite you.
prudence	n.谨慎	The decision was made with great care and prudence.
prudent	a. 谨慎的，智慧的，稳健的，节俭的	It is prudent to save some money for the future.
psychological	a.心理的，心理学的	The movie explores the psychological effects of war.
psychologist	n.心理学家	She decided to consult a professional psychologist for advice.
psychology	n. 心理学	He is studying child psychology at university.
public	a. 公共的，公用的；公开的，公然的n. 公众，民众	The park is open to the general public.
publication	n. 出版物；出版，发行；公布，发表	The publication of the report caused a lot of controversy.
publicity	n. 公开,宣传	The movie received a lot of publicity before it came out.
publicly	adv.公开地	The leader publicly apologized for his mistake.
publish	v. 出版，刊印；公布，发布	The company plans to publish a new book next month.
publisher	n.出版商	He works for a major international publisher.
pudding	n.布丁	Chocolate pudding is my favorite dessert.
puff	n. 一阵，一股(气味等)；喘息；吹嘘v. 喘息，鼓吹	The train let out a large puff of white smoke.
pull	v. 拉，拖n. 拉，拖；拉力，牵引力	He had to pull hard to open the heavy door.
pulley	n.滑轮，滑车，皮带轮	The crane uses a system of pulleys to lift heavy loads.
pulse	n. 脉搏，脉冲	The doctor checked the patient's pulse.
pump	n. 泵,抽水机 v. 抽取,盘问,追问,灌注	We used a pump to get the water out of the basement.
pumpkin	n.南瓜，南瓜藤	The kids were carving pumpkins for Halloween.
punch	n. 冲压机，冲床；穿孔机v. 冲压，穿孔	He used a punch to make holes in the leather belt.
punctual	a. 准时的,严守时刻的	He is always punctual and never late for meetings.
punctuality	n.准时	The company values punctuality and reliability.
punctuation	n.标点法,标点符号	Please make sure your punctuation is correct in your essay.
punish	v. 惩罚，处罚	The naughty child was punished for misbehaving.
punishment	n.罚，惩罚，处罚	Capital punishment is a highly controversial topic.
pupil	n. 瞳孔,瞳仁	The pupils of his eyes dilated in the dark.
puppet	n. 木偶，傀儡	The kids were delighted by the puppet show.
puppy	n.小狗；幼小的动物	A cute little puppy was playing in the garden.
purchase	v. 买，购买n. 购买的物品	He decided to purchase a new car next year.
purchaser	n.买主	The purchaser of the house was very happy with the location.
pure	a. 纯的，纯洁的；纯理论的，抽象的；完全的	The water in the mountain stream was clear and pure.
purely	ad.纯粹地，完全地	The decision was made for purely political reasons.
purify	v. 使纯净，提纯	The water filter is used to purify the drinking water.
purity	n. 纯净,纯洁	The purity of the gold was verified by several tests.
purple	a. 紫的n. 紫色	She wore a beautiful purple dress to the party.
purpose	n. 目的，意图；用途，效果	The purpose of the meeting is to discuss the new project.
purse	n. 钱包	She kept her money and ID in her small leather purse.
pursuance	n.追求，实行	The investigation was carried out in pursuance of the court order.
pursuant	a.追踪的,依照的	Pursuant to our agreement, I'm sending you the final payment.
pursue	v. 追赶，追踪；继续，从事	He decided to pursue a career in medicine.
pursuit	n. 追赶,追求;从事,消遣	She spent her life in the pursuit of scientific knowledge.
push	v. 推；催逼，逼迫n. 推，推力；促进，推进	He had to push the car to the nearest gas station.
put	vt. 放，搁，置；表达；使处于…状态，记下	Please put your books back on the shelf.
puzzle	n. 难题;谜;v. 迷惑	The complex math problem was a real puzzle for the students.
pyjamas	n.(宽大的)睡衣裤	He wore his comfortable blue pyjamas to bed.
pyramid	n. 金字塔	The pyramids of Giza are one of the seven wonders of the world.
qualification	n. 资格;条件;限制	The job requires a high level of academic qualification.
qualified	adj.有资格的	She is highly qualified for the position of manager.
qualify	v. (使)具有资格，证明合格；限制，限定；修饰	The certificate will qualify you to work as a professional nurse.
qualitative	a. 质的,定性的	The study uses a qualitative approach to analyze the data.
quality	n. 质量，品质，特性	The company is known for the high quality of its products.
quantitative	a. 量的,定量的	The report provides a quantitative analysis of the market trends.
quantity	n. 量，数量；大量	We bought a large quantity of food for the party.
quarrel	v. 争吵，争论n. 争吵，争吵的原因	They had a minor quarrel about what to have for dinner.
quart	n. 夸脱	I bought a quart of milk at the store.
quarter	n. 四分之一；季；一刻钟；(pl.)方向；(pl.)住处	The project is expected to be finished by the end of the third quarter.
quarterly	a./n. 季度的,季刊	The company publishes a quarterly report on its financial status.
quartz	n. 石英	The watch uses a small quartz crystal to keep accurate time.
quay	n.码头	The ship is docked at the north quay of the harbor.
queen	n. 女王，皇后，王后	The queen addressed the nation on television.
queer	a. 奇怪的,不平常的;可疑的;眩晕的,不舒服的	He has some very queer and strange ideas.
quench	vt. 止渴;扑灭火焰	A glass of cold water helped to quench his thirst.
query	v. &n.询问	I have a quick query about the project deadline.
quest	n./v. 寻找,追求	The explorers set off on a quest to find the hidden treasure.
question	n. 问题；询问v. 询问；怀疑，对…表示疑问	If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
questionnaire	n. 问题单,调查表,征求意见表	Please fill out this questionnaire and return it to us.
queue	n. 行列，长队v. (up)排队，排队等待	There was a long queue of people waiting for the bus.
quick	a. 快的；灵敏的，伶俐的；敏锐的ad. 快，迅速地	He gave a quick reply to my question.
quicken	vt.加快 vi.加快	The medicine helped to quicken his recovery.
quickly	ad.快，迅速	The fire spread quickly through the dry grass.
quiet	a. 安静的，平静的n. 安静v. 使安静，平静	The village is a very quiet and peaceful place.
quietly	adv.安静地，静静地	She quietly left the room so as not to disturb the meeting.
quietness	n.平静，安定，安静	The absolute quietness of the forest was very relaxing.
quilt	n. 被子	She covered herself with a warm woollen quilt.
quit	vt. 离开;辞职	He decided to quit his job and start his own business.
quite	ad. 十分，完全；相当，颇；的确，真正	The weather was quite hot today.
quiver	vt./vi. 颤动,抖动	His voice began to quiver with emotion.
quiz	n. 小型考试，测验，问答比赛	The teacher gave the students a quick quiz on the new vocabulary.
quota	n. 配额,限额(进口及移民人数)	The country has a strict quota on the number of immigrants.
quotation	n.引用；引文；报价单	The manual includes several quotations from famous scientists.
quote	v. 引用，援引	Can you quote me a price for the repairs?
rabbit	n. 兔子	The little rabbit hopped away as we approached.
race	n. 赛跑；人种，种族；属，种v. 赛跑	The marathon is a very long and difficult race.
racial	a. 种的，种族的	The organization is working to eliminate racial discrimination.
rack	n. 行李架	Please put your bags on the overhead rack.
racket	n. 吵闹声;球拍	He has been playing tennis since he was ten years old.
radar	n. 雷达	The airport uses radar to monitor all incoming flights.
radial	a.光线的；放射的	The bicycle wheel has twenty-four radial spokes.
radiant	a. 发光的，辐射的，容光焕发的	She looked radiant in her white wedding dress.
radiate	v. 辐射,(使)从中心发散,发出(光或热);流露,显示	The sun radiates a vast amount of energy in the form of light and heat.
radiation	n.放射，发射；辐射能	Exposure to high levels of radiation can be harmful.
radical	a. 根本的,基本的;政治激进的	The new law will bring about radical changes in society.
radio	n. 收音机；无线电报，无线电话v. 无线电通讯	I like to listen to the radio while I'm driving.
radioactive	a. 放射性，放射引起的	Uranium is a highly radioactive element.
radioactivity	n.放射性，放射(现象)	The scientists are measuring the levels of radioactivity in the soil.
radish	n.小萝卜	I like to add some sliced radishes to my salad.
radium	n.镭	Radium was discovered by Marie and Pierre Curie in 1898.
radius	n. 半径,以半径度量的面积	The circle has a radius of five centimeters.
rag	n. 抹布，破布，碎布	He used an old rag to clean the window.
rage	n./vi. 狂怒	He was absolutely mad with rage when he heard the news.
raid	n./vt. (突然)袭击;(警察等)突入查抄,突入搜捕;劫掠,劫夺	The police carried out a raid on the suspected criminal's house.
rail	n. 栏杆;横杆;vi. 责骂	Please hold onto the rail when you're going down the stairs.
railroad	n. 铁路v. 由铁道运输	The railroad connects the city to the coast.
railway	n.铁路，铁道	She takes the railway to work every morning.
rain	n. 雨；雨天；下雨vi. 下雨vt. 使大量落下	It has been raining all afternoon.
rainbow	n. 虹	A beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky after the storm.
raincoat	n.雨衣	Don't forget to take your raincoat; it's starting to rain.
rainfall	n.下雨，降雨量	The region has a very low annual rainfall.
rainy	a.下雨的，多雨的	The rainy season usually begins in June.
raise	v. 举起，提升；增加；饲养；引起；竖起；提出	The government decided to raise the minimum wage.
rake	n. 耙子，耙机v. 耙；搜索，探索	He used a rake to clear the leaves from the lawn.
rally	v./n. 集合	Thousands of people attended the political rally.
ramble	vi. 漫步,闲逛;漫谈;蔓延	We went for a long ramble through the countryside.
ranch	n.(北美洲的)大牧场	He works on a large cattle ranch in Texas.
random	n./a. 随便,无目的的,任意的	The winners will be chosen at random from the list of participants.
range	vt./vi. 排列	The mountains are visible in the far range.
rank	n. 军衔，社会阶层；排v. 分等级，把…分类	The officer reached the rank of major.
rapid	a. 快，急速的n. (pl.)急流，湍滩	There has been a rapid increase in the number of tourists.
rapidly	ad.迅速地	The technology is changing very rapidly.
rapture	n.狂喜，欢天喜地	She was in a state of utter rapture when she saw the gift.
rare	a. 稀有的，难得的，珍奇的；稀薄的，稀疏的	This is a very rare and valuable ancient coin.
rarely	ad. 难得,非常地	I rarely go to the cinema these days.
rascal	n.流氓，恶棍，无赖	The little rascal had hidden my keys again.
rash	a. 轻率的，鲁莽的n. 皮疹	Don't make any rash decisions; think about it first.
rat	n. 鼠	The cat was chasing a rat in the backyard.
rate	n. 速率；等级；价格，费用v. 估价；评级，评价	The interest rate has increased by one percent.
rather	ad. 相当，有一点儿；宁愿，宁可	I would rather have tea than coffee.
ratification	n.批准，认可	The ratification of the treaty took several months.
ratify	v.批准，认可，追认	The two countries decided to ratify the trade agreement.
ratio	n. 比率	The ratio of students to teachers is twenty to one.
ration	n.定量,配给量,正常量,合理的量 vt.限量供应	The soldiers were given a daily ration of food.
rational	a. 有推理能力的,合理的	The decision was based on a rational analysis of the situation.
rattle	vt.发出格格声	The windows began to rattle in the strong wind.
ravage	vt./vi./n. 毁坏,蹂躏;抢劫,掠夺	The city was ravaged by the war.
raw	a. 生的;未加工的	The salad was made with fresh raw vegetables.
ray	n. 光线，射线	The rays of the sun shone through the window.
razor	n. 剃刀	He used a sharp razor to shave his beard.
reach	v. 抵达；(out)伸手，够到n. 能达到的范围	I hope to reach the summit of the mountain before dark.
react	v. 反应，起作用；(against)反对，起反作用	How did he react to the news?
reaction	n.反应；反作用	The news was met with a mixed reaction from the public.
reactionary	adj.反动的,极端保守的 	The reactionary policies were criticized by many people.
reactor	n.反应器；反应堆	The nuclear reactor was shut down for maintenance.
reader	n. 读者；读本，读物；(英国的)大学讲师	The book is written for a general reader.
readily	ad. 乐意地,欣然地;容易地	The information is readily available on the internet.
reading	n. 读书，读物，(仪表等的)读数，阅读	I enjoy reading classic novels in my spare time.
ready	a. (for)准备好的，现成的；甘心的	Are you ready to go yet?
real	a. 真的，真实的；实际的，现实的	This is a real diamond, not an imitation.
realism	n.现实主义，写实主义	The novel is written in a style of gritty social realism.
realist	n.adj.现实主义者(的)	He is a realist and always looks at the facts.
realistic	a. 现实(主义)的	We need to set a realistic goal for the project.
reality	n. 现实，实际；真实	The reality of the situation was quite different from what we expected.
realization	n.(理想等的)实现	The realization of his dream took years of hard work.
realize	v. 认识到，体会到；实现	I didn't realize that the door was locked.
really	ad. 确实，实在，真正地，果然	I'm really looking forward to the holiday.
realm	n. 界,领域,范围;王国,国度	The discovery opened up a whole new realm of possibilities.
reap	vt./vi. 收割,收获;获得,得到	You will reap the benefits of your hard work eventually.
rear	n. 后部,后面;vt./vi. 培植,饲养	The car was damaged in the rear.
reason	n. 原因，理性，理智v. 推理，说服，辩论，讨论	There must be a good reason for his decision.
reasonable	a. 明智的;合理的;公平的	The price of the car is very reasonable.
reasonably	adv.合理地，适当地	The hotel was reasonably priced and offered good service.
reassure	vt. 使放心,使消除疑虑	The doctor tried to reassure the worried patient.
rebate	n.回扣，折扣,退税	The company is offering a small rebate on all purchases.
rebel	v. 反抗，反叛，起义n. 叛逆者，起义者	The people decided to rebel against the cruel dictator.
rebellion	n. 叛乱，反抗，起义	The rebellion was eventually crushed by the army.
rebuke	vt.指责，非难，斥责	The teacher rebuked the students for their bad behavior.
recall	vt./n. 召回;回忆	I can't recall exactly where I left my keys.
recede	vi. 后退;向后倾斜	The water level began to recede after the flood.
receipt	n. 收到,收据	Please keep your receipt in case you want to return the item.
receive	v. 收到，接到；遭受，受到；接待，接见	I received a long letter from my best friend today.
receiver	n.收受者，收件人	He picked up the receiver and dialed the number.
recent	a. 新近的，近来的	The company has made several recent changes to its management team.
recently	ad.最近，新近	I haven't seen him recently.
reception	n. 招待会,接收,接待处	The hotel reception desk is open twenty-four hours a day.
receptionist	n.接待员	The receptionist greeted us with a warm smile.
recession	n. 后退,撤回;(工商业)衰退,(价格)暴跌	The country is facing a severe economic recession.
recipe	n. 烹饪法,食谱,配方	She gave me a delicious recipe for chocolate cake.
recipient	n. 接受者 a. 容易接受的	He was the recipient of several prestigious awards.
reciprocal	a. 相互的,互惠的	The two countries reached a reciprocal trade agreement.
recitation	n.朗诵	The student gave a beautiful recitation of the poem.
recite	v. 背诵,列举	She can recite the entire poem from memory.
reckless	a. 鲁莽的	His reckless driving led to a serious accident.
reckon	vt./vi. 计算	I reckon that it will take about three hours to finish the work.
reclaim	vt. 要回;回收;开垦(荒地)	The organization is working to reclaim the abandoned land.
recognition	n. 认出，辨认；承认	The discovery received worldwide recognition.
recognize	v. 认出，承认，公认，赏识，表扬	I didn't recognize him at first because he had grown a beard.
recollect	v. 回忆，想起，记起，忆起，记得	I can't recollect exactly where I left my keys.
recollection	n.回忆	Her recollection of the event was quite different from mine.
recommend	v. 推荐，介绍；劝告，建议	The teacher recommended that I should study more math.
recommendation	n. 推荐,介绍,推荐信	I chose the hotel based on your recommendation.
recompense	v. &n.回报，赔偿	The company provided a generous recompense for his hard work.
reconcile	vt. 使和解;使复交;调解,调停	They managed to reconcile their differences after a long talk.
reconnaissance	n.探索，勘查	The army sent a reconnaissance team to scout the area.
record	n. 记录；最高记录；履历；唱片v. 记录；录音	Please keep a record of all your expenses.
recorder	n. 记录员；录音机	The flight recorder provided vital information about the crash.
recourse	n.求助对象,追索权,依靠,依赖	The company had no recourse but to file for bankruptcy.
recover	v. 重新找到,复原,痊愈	She is expected to recover fully within a few weeks.
recovery	n. 痊愈，复元；重获，恢复	The economy is showing signs of a slow recovery.
recreation	n. 娱乐，消遣	Gardening is a favorite form of recreation for many people.
recruit	v./n. 招募,吸收	The company is trying to recruit new staff for its marketing department.
recruitment	n.招募	The recruitment process for the new project has begun.
rectangle	n.矩形，长方形	The table has a simple rectangular shape.
rectification	n.纠正,电流整流 	The rectification of the error took several days.
rectify	vt. 纠正,矫正;[化	We must take immediate action to rectify the situation.
recur	v. (尤指不好的事)一再发生；重现	The problem is likely to recur if we don't find a solution.
recurrence	n.再发生	The recurrence of the disease was a major concern for the doctors.
red	a. 红的，红色的n. 红色；红色颜料	She wore a bright red dress to the party.
redeem	vt. 买回,赎回;补偿,补救	He managed to redeem his reputation through hard work and honesty.
redound	v.增加，促进	His success redounds to the credit of the whole team.
reduce	v. 减少，缩小；简化，还原	We need to find new ways to reduce our energy consumption.
reduction	n. 减小，减少，缩小	There has been a significant reduction in crime rates this year.
reed	n. 芦苇，苇丛；芦笛，牧笛	The lake was surrounded by tall green reeds.
reef	n.礁，礁石，暗礁	The ship was damaged when it hit a coral reef.
reel	n. 卷,轴;(胶片)一盘; vt. 卷; vi. 眩晕,摇晃	He lost his balance and began to reel across the floor.
reexport	v.再出口	The goods were imported and then reexported to other countries.
refer	v. 参考，查询；提到，引用，涉及；提交，上呈	Please refer to the manual for more information.
referee	n.(足球等)裁判员	The referee blew the whistle to end the game.
reference	n. 证明;出处;参照	The book includes a long list of references at the back.
referent	n.指示物	The word 'it' has a clear referent in the previous sentence.
refine	v. 精炼,提纯;使文雅	The oil is transported to the refinery to be refined.
refined	adj.精炼的，精的,举止优雅的	She has very refined and elegant manners.
refinement	n.精炼,改进,改善,优雅高贵的举止	The design of the car has undergone several refinements.
refinery	n.精炼厂，提炼厂	He works at a large oil refinery near the coast.
reflect	v. 反射，反映，表现，反省，沉思	The water was so clear that it reflected the blue sky.
reflection	n. 映像，倒影；反省，沉思	She stood quietly by the lake, lost in reflection.
reform	v. 改革，改造，改良n. 改革，改造，改良	The government is introducing new economic reforms.
refrain	vi. 抑制	Please refrain from smoking inside the building.
refresh	v. (使)精神振作，(使)精力恢复	A quick swim in the pool helped to refresh him.
refreshment	n. (pl.)点心，饮料；精力恢复，爽快	Refreshments will be served after the meeting.
refrigerator	n. 冰箱	Please put the milk back in the refrigerator.
refuge	n. 避难处，藏身处	They sought refuge from the storm in a small cave.
refugee	n. 避难者,难民	The organization provides food and shelter for refugees.
refund	n. 归还;归还额;vt. 归还	I received a full refund for the broken item.
refusal	n. 拒绝	His refusal to help was quite unexpected.
refuse	v. 拒绝，谢绝n. 废物，垃圾	I'm sorry, but I have to refuse your offer.
refute	v. 反驳，驳斥	The scientist managed to refute the theory with new evidence.
regard	v. (as)把…看作为；考虑n. (pl.)敬重，问候	I regard him as one of my closest friends.
regarding	prep. 关于，有关	I have some questions regarding the new project.
regardless	a. 不注意的,不顾的	He decided to go ahead with the plan, regardless of the risks.
regime	n. 政体,政权,政治制度	The old regime was overthrown in a popular revolution.
regiment	n.团，军团；一大群	He served in a famous infantry regiment during the war.
region	n. 地区，地带，行政区，(科学等)领域	The northern region of the country is very mountainous.
regional	adj.地区的，区域的	The company has several regional offices across the country.
regionalization	n.区域化	The policy focuses on the regionalization of economic development.
regionalize	v.使区域化	The government is trying to regionalize the health service.
register	n./v. 登记，注册v. (仪表等)指示，(邮件)挂号	You need to register for the course before the end of the month.
registered	adj.登记的，注册的	The letter was sent by registered mail to ensure its delivery.
registration	n.登记	Registration for the new semester begins next week.
regret	v./n. 遗憾，懊悔，抱歉	I deeply regret my decision to leave the company.
regretful	adj.遗憾的	He gave her a regretful look as he walked away.
regretfully	adv.遗憾地	Regretfully, we are unable to accept your proposal.
regrettable	adj.可遗憾的	It was a very regrettable mistake to make.
regular	a. 有规律的；整齐的，匀称的，正规的，正式的	Regular exercise is important for overall health.
regularity	n.规则性；整齐	The trains run with impressive regularity.
regularly	ad.有规律地	I visit my grandparents regularly, usually once a week.
regulate	vt. 控制,管理;调整,调节	The government is introducing new laws to regulate the industry.
regulation	n. 规则，规章；调节，校准；调整	All students must follow the school regulations.
rehearsal	n. 排练，排演，演习，预演，试演	The final rehearsal for the play will take place tonight.
rehearse	v.排练	The choir spent the whole afternoon rehearsing for the concert.
reign	vi./n. (君主)统治,存在,现存	The queen's long reign saw many positive changes in the country.
reimburse	vt. 偿还,付还	The company will reimburse you for your travel expenses.
reimbursement	n.偿还，还款	I'm still waiting for the reimbursement of my medical costs.
rein	n. 缰绳，统治，支配v. 驾驭，控制，统治	The rider pulled on the reins to stop the horse.
reinforce	vt. 加强;加固	The building's foundations were reinforced to prevent earthquake damage.
reinforcement	n.加强，援兵	The army sent reinforcements to the front line.
reiterate	v.重申  a.反复的	I must reiterate the importance of being on time.
reject	v. 拒绝，抵制，丢弃，排斥，退掉n. 落选者	The committee decided to reject the new proposal.
rejection	n.拒绝	His application was met with a polite rejection.
rejoice	vt./vi. 欣喜,高兴	Everyone rejoiced when the war finally came to an end.
relate	v. 叙述，讲述；使互相关联	I find it hard to relate to his way of thinking.
related	adj.与有关的	The two incidents are closely related to each other.
relation	n. 关系，联系；亲属，亲戚	The relation between price and demand is a key topic in economics.
relationship	n. 关系，联系	They have a very close and supportive relationship.
relative	a. 相对的，比较的，有关系的n. 亲戚，关系词	She is a distant relative of mine.
relatively	ad.相对地，比较地	The test was relatively easy, and most students finished early.
relativity	n. 相关(性)；相对论	Einstein's theory of relativity changed our understanding of time and space.
relax	v. (使)松驰，放松	I like to relax with a good book in the evenings.
relaxation	n.放松，松弛	Yoga is a great way to promote relaxation and well-being.
relay	vt. 转播;传递 n. 替班;转播;接力赛跑	The message was relayed from one station to another.
release	vt./n. 释放;发表	The prisoner was released from jail after three years.
relevant	a. 有关的,切题的,中肯的	Please include all relevant information in your report.
reliability	n.可靠性	The company is known for the high reliability of its products.
reliable	a. 可靠的,可信赖的	He is a very reliable person who always keeps his promises.
reliance	n. 信任，信心，依靠，依靠的人或物	The country's reliance on foreign oil is a major concern.
relief	n. 减轻;救济	It was a great relief to hear that everyone was safe.
relieve	v. 减轻，解除，援救，救济，换班	The medicine helped to relieve the pain in his leg.
religion	n. 宗教，信仰	Everyone has the right to follow their own religion.
religious	a. 宗教的，信教的，虔诚的	He is a very religious man who attends church every Sunday.
relinquish	vt. 放弃;撤回	He decided to relinquish his position as CEO of the company.
relish	n. 美味，味道，调味品，食欲，乐趣v. 喜欢，品味	She relishes the challenge of starting a new business.
reluctance	n.不愿，勉强	His reluctance to help was quite evident.
reluctant	a. 不愿的,勉强的	She was reluctant to leave her home and family.
rely	vi. 依赖	You can always rely on your friends for support.
remain	v. 剩下，余留；留待，尚须；仍然是，依旧是	A few small details still remain to be finished.
remainder	n. 剩余物，剩下的；余数，余项	I finished most of the work, and my colleague did the remainder.
remains	n. (pl.)剩余，残余，遗迹	The remains of the ancient city were discovered deep in the jungle.
remark	n. (about，on)评语，意见v. (on)评论；注意到	He made a rude remark about her new haircut.
remarkable	a. 不平常的;出色的	Climbing Mount Everest is a remarkable feat of endurance.
remedy	n. 补救办法,纠正办法;药品,治疗法 vt. 补救,纠正;治疗,医治	The government is looking for a remedy for the economic crisis.
remember	v. 记住；(to)转达问候，代…致意，代…问好	Please remember to lock the door when you leave.
remembrance	n.记得，记忆,纪念品	The memorial service was held in remembrance of the fallen soldiers.
remind	vt. 提醒	Please remind me to call the doctor tomorrow morning.
reminiscence	n.回想，回忆，怀念	The old man shared several interesting reminiscences of his youth.
reminiscent	adj.使想起的,像...的	The smell of the ocean was reminiscent of her childhood holidays.
remit	v.汇款，汇出	Please remit the final payment to our bank account.
remittance	n. 汇款(海外),汇款额	The remittance arrived safely at the bank yesterday.
remnant	n. 残余,剩余	The museum has a small remnant of the ancient temple's walls.
remote	a. 远的，遥远的，疏远的，偏僻的，细微的	The village is located in a very remote part of the mountains.
remoteness	n.遥远，疏远	The remoteness of the location made it difficult to access.
removal	n. 移动，迁居；除去	The removal of the old tree took several hours.
remove	v. 移动，脱掉，调动，免职	Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
remuneration	n.酬劳,赔偿,酬金	The job offers a very generous remuneration package.
renaissance	n.文艺复兴(时期)；新生，复兴	The Renaissance was a period of great cultural growth in Europe.
render	vt. 提供,报答;表演,演奏;翻译	The shock of the news rendered her speechless.
renew	v. (使)更新，恢复，重新开始，继续	I need to renew my passport before our holiday next year.
renewable	adj.可续期的	Solar and wind energy are examples of renewable energy sources.
renewal	n.更新，续订	The renewal of the urban area has brought new life to the city.
rent	v. 租，租赁n. 租金	We decided to rent a car for our trip across the country.
rental	adj.租借的，租金的	The rental for the apartment is eight hundred dollars a month.
repair	n. 修理，修补v. 补救，纠正；修理	The bridge was closed for two days for repairs.
repairmen	n.修理工	We called the repairmen to fix the broken air conditioner.
repay	v. 偿还，报答	I'll repay you the money I borrowed next week.
repeal	vt.撤销；放弃n.撤销	The government decided to repeal the controversial new law.
repeat	v. 重复，重说，重做n. 重复	Can you please repeat your question?
repeatedly	ad. 重复地，再三地	He has been warned repeatedly about his late arrival.
repel	vt. 击退,逐回,驱逐;排斥;使厌恶	The smell of the spray helps to repel mosquitoes.
repent	vi./vt. 悔悟,后悔	He eventually began to repent his former cruel behavior.
repetition	n. 重复	The constant repetition of the same tasks became very boring.
repetitive	adj.重复的，反复的	She has a very repetitive and monotonous job at the factory.
replace	vt. 取代，替换，代替，把…放回原处	The old machine needs to be replaced with a new one.
replacement	n. 取代，替换，替换物，代替物	The coach is looking for a replacement for the injured player.
replenish	v.补充	We need to replenish our supply of food and water.
reply	v./n. (to)回答，答复，以…作答	I'm still waiting for a reply to my email.
report	n./v. 报告，汇报；传说，传阅	Please provide a detailed report on the project's progress.
reportage	n.报告文学	The book is a classic work of investigative reportage.
reporter	n. 报告人，通讯员；记者，报导者	The reporter spent months investigating the corruption scandal.
represent	vt. 代表,声称	She was chosen to represent the country at the international conference.
representation	n.描写；陈述；代表	The organization provides legal representation for low-income families.
representative	n. 代表，代理人a. (of)典型的，有代表性的	The committee consists of representatives from several different departments.
reproach	vt./n. 责备,指责	His parents reproached him for his poor grades.
reproduce	v. 生殖；翻版；繁殖；复制，仿造	Many species of animals return to the same place to reproduce.
reproduction	n.再生(产)；繁殖	The museum has several high-quality reproductions of famous paintings.
reptile	n. 爬行动物;爬虫	Lizards and snakes are examples of common reptiles.
republic	n. 共和国，共和政体	The country has been a republic since the end of the monarchy.
republican	a. 共和的	He has strong republican views on politics.
repudiate	n.拒绝接收，拒付	The leader decided to repudiate the previous agreement.
reputable	adj.声誉好的,值得尊敬的	It is important to buy products from a reputable company.
reputation	n. 名誉,名声	The hotel has a very good reputation for its service and food.
repute	n.声誉v.看作，评价	He is a doctor of high repute in the local community.
request	n./vt. 要求,请求	I've sent a formal request for more information.
require	v. 需要；(of)要求，命令	The job requires a high level of technical skill.
requirement	n. (for)需要，需要的东西，要求	Good eyesight is a basic requirement for becoming a pilot.
requisite	a.需要的n.必需品	You need to have all the requisite documents before applying for the visa.
rescind	adj.退还，取消,撤销 	The committee decided to rescind its previous decision.
rescue	vt./n. 援救;营救	The brave firefighters managed to rescue the family from the fire.
research	v. (into，on)研究，调查n.研究，调查	The scientists are conducting research into new energy sources.
researcher	n.调查者；探究者	The lead researcher presented the findings at the conference.
resemblance	n. 相似，相似性[点，物	There is a striking resemblance between the two sisters.
resemble	vt. 像;类似	She resembles her mother very closely.
resent	v. 对…表示忿恨，怨恨	I resent the way he spoke to me in front of everyone.
resentful	adj.不满的，怨恨的	He felt very resentful about being passed over for promotion.
resentment	n.不满，愤恨	His actions caused a lot of resentment among the workers.
reservation	n. 保留，保留意见；预定，预订	We have a reservation for a table for four at 7 PM.
reserve	n./v. 保存;预定	The hotel reserves the right to cancel any booking.
reservoir	n. 水库，蓄水池	The city gets its water from a large reservoir in the hills.
reside	vi.居住，驻扎；属于	The Royal Family resides in Buckingham Palace during the week.
residence	n. 居住,住处,住宅	The official residence of the president is in the city center.
resident	n. 居民，常住者a. 居住的	Many residents of the village are retirees.
residual	a.剩余的；残数的	There is still some residual noise from the construction site.
resign	vi. 辞职; vt. 放弃,辞去;(to)使顺从	The manager decided to resign from his position yesterday.
resignation	n.放弃，辞职，反抗	His sudden resignation came as a surprise to everyone in the office.
resist	v. 抵抗，反抗；抗，忍得住，抵制	It's hard to resist the smell of fresh coffee.
resistance	n. (to)抵抗，反抗；抵抗力，阻力；电阻	The new policy met with strong resistance from the local community.
resistant	a. (to)抵抗的，有抵抗力的	The new fabric is resistant to stains and water.
resolute	a. 坚决的，果断的	He remained resolute in his decision to leave.
resolution	n. 坚决,坚定;决议,决定;决心,解决;分解	The committee passed a resolution to approve the new project.
resolutely	adj.坚决地，果断地	She resolutely refused to give up on her dream.
resolve	v. 决心；(使)分解，溶解；决议n. 解决；决心	The issue was eventually resolved after several hours of talk.
resort	vi./n. 求助	They were forced to resort to desperate measures to survive.
resource	n. 资源,机智	The country has vast natural resources, including oil and gas.
respect	n./v. 尊敬，尊重n. 敬意，问候，关系，方面	It is important to treat everyone with respect.
respectable	a.可敬的；人格高尚的	He is a very respectable member of the community.
respectful	a.恭敬的，尊重的	The students were very respectful to their teacher.
respectfully	adv.恭敬地	He addressed the judge respectfully.
respective	a. 各自的，各个的	The guests returned to their respective rooms after the party.
respectively	ad.各自地，分别地	John and Sarah were awarded first and second prize, respectively.
respond	v. 回答，响应，作出反应	How did he respond to your suggestion?
response	n. 回答，响应，反应	The request met with a very positive response.
responsibility	n. 责任，责任心；职责，任务	Parents have a major responsibility for their children's education.
responsible	a. (for，to)应负责的；可靠的；责任重大的	He is responsible for managing the project.
rest	n. 休息；剩余部分v. 休息；睡；放，靠，搁	You should take a rest after working so hard.
restaurant	n. 餐馆，饭店	We went to a fancy Italian restaurant for dinner.
restless	a. 焦躁不安的	The children grew restless waiting for the bus to arrive.
restock	v.重新进货,再储存	The store needs to restock its supply of fresh vegetables.
restore	vt. 恢复,使回复;修复,整修;归还，交还	The old temple has been beautifully restored.
restrain	vt. 阻止,控制;抑制,遏制	He struggled to restrain his anger.
restraint	n. 抑制，制止	The project was carried out within strict financial restraints.
restrict	v. 限制，约束	The new laws will restrict the sale of alcohol to minors.
restriction	n.限制，限定，约束	There are several restrictions on how the land can be used.
restrictive	n.限制的	The new policy was criticized for being too restrictive.
result	n. 结果，成绩v. 结果，致使，导致，由…而造成	The accident was the result of a simple mistake.
resultant	a. 作为结果而发生的；合成的	The resultant gain in sales was much higher than expected.
resume	vt. 重新开始;继续;重新占用	The meeting will resume after a short break.
retail	n./v. 零售,零卖	The company sells its products through several retail outlets.
retailer	n.零售商	He works for a major retailer of electronic components.
retain	vt. 保持;保有;聘请(律师)	The company managed to retain its leading position in the market.
retell	vt.再讲，重述，复述	The grandfather spent the evening retelling old stories to his grandchildren.
retire	v. 退休，引退；退却，撤退；就寝	He plans to retire from his job next year.
retirement	n.退休，引退；退隐	They are enjoying their retirement in a small cottage by the sea.
retort	v./n. 反驳,反击	'It's not my fault,' he retorted in anger.
retreat	vi./n. 撤退	The army was forced to retreat after a long and difficult battle.
retroactive	adj.可追溯的,反动的	The new regulations are retroactive to the beginning of the year.
return	v./n. 返回，回来；归还，送还；回答	I'm looking forward to your return.
reveal	v. 展现，显示，揭示，揭露，告诉，泄露	The investigation revealed several financial irregularities.
revenge	vt. 报仇,报复	He spent years planning his revenge against his former partner.
revenue	n. (国家的)年收入,税收	The government is trying to find new ways to increase tax revenue.
reverence	n.尊敬，崇敬	They showed great reverence for the ancient traditions.
reverse	n./v./a. 相反(的);颠倒(的)	He shifted the car into reverse and backed out of the garage.
revert	v.回复到，重议	After the holidays, everything reverted back to normal.
review	v./n. 回顾,检查,评论	The committee is currently reviewing the new proposal.
revise	v. 修订;改正	You need to revise your essay before submitting it.
revision	n.修改，修订,复习,温习	The new edition of the book includes several significant revisions.
revival	n.复苏，再生	The city is experiencing a cultural revival.
revive	v. 苏醒,复活;复兴,再流行	The rain helped to revive the dying plants.
revoke	v.废除，取消，撤回	The government decided to revoke the company's operating license.
revolt	v./n. 反抗;厌恶	The people decided to revolt against the corrupt government.
revolution	n. 革命；旋转，转数	The industrial revolution changed the world forever.
revolutionary	a. 革命的，革新的n. 革命者	The new technology is truly revolutionary.
revolve	vt./vi. 使旋转,使绕转	The Earth revolves around the Sun once every year.
reward	n./v. 奖赏	The company provided a generous reward for the information.
rewarding	adj.有收获的	Teaching can be a very rewarding career.
rheumatism	n.风湿病	The elderly woman suffered from chronic rheumatism.
rhyme	n.韵，脚韵	The poem has a very simple and repetitive rhyme scheme.
rhythm	n. 韵律,格律,有规律的反复(循环),周期性	He has a very good sense of rhythm when he's dancing.
rib	n. 肋骨，肋状物	He broke two ribs in the accident.
ribbon	n. 缎带,丝带,带状物	The gift was wrapped in a beautiful blue ribbon.
rice	n. 稻，米	Rice is a staple food for billions of people around the world.
rich	a. 富的，有钱的；富饶的；(in)充足的，丰富的	The soil in this valley is very rich and fertile.
richness	n.富饶，富有	The discovery showed the incredible richness of the local wildlife.
rid	v. (of)使摆脱，使去掉	We need to find a way to rid the house of mice.
riddle	n. 谜，谜语；筛子	The ancient map was full of mysterious riddles.
ride	v./n. 骑，乘	He likes to ride his bike to work every morning.
ridge	n. 脊,山脊,岭	We followed the narrow ridge along the top of the mountain.
ridicule	vi.&n.嘲弄，挖苦	He was ridiculed by his colleagues for his strange ideas.
ridiculous	a. 可笑的,荒谬的	It is ridiculous to suggest that the earth is flat.
rifle	n. 步枪	The soldiers were equipped with modern rifles.
right	a. 右的，正确的n. 右，权利ad. 在右边，正确地	You have the right to remain silent.
righteous	a. 正直的;正当的,公正的	He was a very righteous and honest man.
rigid	a. 僵硬的,不易弯的;严格的	The company has very rigid and inflexible rules.
rigidity	adj.僵硬，严厉，死板	The rigidity of the system made it hard to implement changes.
rigor	n.严格，严肃	The project was carried out with great scientific rigor.
rigorous	a. 严格的，严厉的，严酷的，严密的，严谨的	The students have to undergo a rigorous training program.
rim	n. 边;边缘,轮辋	The cup has a small chip on its rim.
ring	n. 戒指；环；铃声；(打)电话v. 按(铃)，敲(钟)	I'll give you a ring later this afternoon.
rinse	vt.涮，嗽；冲洗	You should rinse the soap off carefully.
riot	n. 暴乱;骚动;放纵	A riot broke out in the city center after the announcement.
riotous	adj.骚乱的，喧扰的,狂暴的	The party was a very riotous and noisy affair.
rip	v./n. 撕裂,撕开;扯破	He accidentally ripped his jacket on a nail.
ripe	a. 熟的，成熟的；(for)时机成熟的	I bought some ripe and juicy tomatoes at the market.
ripen	vt.使熟 vi.成熟	The fruit will take a few more days to ripen.
ripple	n. 涟漪,波纹;vt./vi. (使)泛起层层细浪	A small ripple appeared on the surface of the lake.
rise	v. 升起；起立；上涨；起义n. 上涨，增高；起源	The sun will rise at 6 AM tomorrow.
risk	v. 冒…的危险n. 冒险；风险	You are taking a big risk by investing all your money in one company.
risky	adj.有风险的，冒险的	It's a very risky business venture, but it could be very profitable.
rival	n. 竞争者,对手	The two companies are bitter rivals in the market.
rivalry	n.竞争，对抗	The rivalry between the two teams is very intense.
river	n. 河流	The river flows through the center of the city.
road	n. 路，道路，途径	The road to success is often long and difficult.
roam	vt./vi. 漫步,漫游	The buffalo roam across the vast green prairie.
roar	n./v. 吼叫,怒吼,轰鸣	The lion let out a powerful roar that could be heard miles away.
roast	v./a. 烤(的),烘(的)	We had roast chicken for dinner.
rob	v. (of)抢劫，盗取；非法剥夺	He was charged with trying to rob a bank.
robber	n.强盗，盗贼	The police are still searching for the masked robber.
robbery	n.抢劫，劫掠，盗取	The witness gave a detailed account of the armed robbery.
robe	n. 长袍，上衣	The judge wore a traditional black robe in court.
robot	n. 机器人，自动机械	The factory uses advanced robots to assemble the cars.
robust	a. 强健的	The company has a very robust and stable financial structure.
rock	n. 岩石，石块v. 摇，摇动	The children spent the afternoon climbing on the rocks.
rock-bottom	n.adj.(价格)最低(的),底层的	Prices have hit rock-bottom, making it a great time to buy.
rocket	n. 火箭	The rocket was launched into space early this morning.
rod	n. 杆，棒	He used a long fishing rod to catch several large trout.
role	n. 角色,任务	Everyone has an important role to play in the team's success.
roll	n./v. 卷,滚动,隆隆声	The ball began to roll slowly down the hill.
roller	n.滚柱，滚筒，滚轴	The painter used a large roller to apply the blue paint.
roman	n.古罗马人 a.罗马的	The city has several impressive ancient Roman ruins.
romance	n. 传奇，爱情故事	The novel is a beautiful romance set in 19th-century Italy.
romantic	a. 浪漫的，传奇式的；不切实际的，好幻想的	We had a romantic dinner for two at a quiet restaurant.
romanticism	n.浪漫主义	The artist was a major figure in the movement of Romanticism.
Rome	n.罗马	Rome is known as the Eternal City and has a rich history.
roof	n. 屋顶，顶	The roof of the old house was leaking after the storm.
room	n. 房间，室，空间，地方；余地	Is there enough room in the car for all of us?
rooster	n.公鸡；狂妄自负的人	The rooster started crowing at the break of dawn.
root	n. 根，根部；根本，根源v. (使)生根，(使)扎根	The problem has its roots in a lack of communication.
rope	n. 绳，索	He used a strong rope to secure the boat to the dock.
rose	n. 玫瑰，蔷薇	The garden is full of beautiful red roses.
rosy	adj.玫瑰红的，幻想的,乐观的,愉快美好的	The report gives a very rosy outlook for the economy.
rot	v./n. 腐烂	The fallen leaves began to rot on the forest floor.
rotary	a. 旋转的	The engine uses a rotary system to generate power.
rotate	v. 旋转,轮流	The Earth rotates once on its axis every twenty-four hours.
rotation	n.旋转，转动；循环	The crops are grown in a regular rotation to maintain soil health.
rotten	a. 腐烂的，腐朽的	The smell of rotten food filled the kitchen.
rough	a. 不平的;粗鲁的;粗略的;刺耳的	The road was very rough and hard to drive on.
roughly	ad.粗糙地，粗略地	There were roughly five hundred people at the concert.
round	a. 圆的prep. 围绕ad. 在周围v. 绕行n. (一)回合	The children were sitting in a circle on the round rug.
roundabout	a. 迂回的，转弯抹角的n. 环状交叉路口	We had to take a roundabout route because the main road was closed.
rouse	vt./vi. 唤醒,唤起;激励;激起	The alarm clock failed to rouse him from his deep sleep.
route	n. 路线，路程	What is the best route to get to the airport?
routine	n. 例行公事,惯例,常规	Daily exercise has become a regular part of my routine.
row	n. (一)排，(一)行；吵嚷v. 划(船等)，荡桨	We sat in the front row of the cinema.
royal	a. 王室的，皇家的；第一流的，高贵的	The royal palace is a major tourist attraction.
royalty	n. 皇家，皇族	He is a member of the British royalty.
rub	n./v. 摩擦	He began to rub his hands together to keep warm.
rubber	n. 橡皮，橡胶；橡胶制品，胶鞋	The car tires are made of a strong rubber compound.
rubbish	n. 垃圾，废物；废话	Please don't throw your rubbish on the street.
rude	a. 粗鲁的；猛烈的，残暴的；粗糙的，粗陋的	His rude behavior was considered highly offensive.
rug	n. (小)地毯；围毯	We bought a beautiful new rug for the living room.
ruin	v. 毁灭；(使)破产n. 毁灭，崩溃；(pl.)废墟	The heavy rain threatened to ruin our plans for a picnic.
ruinous	a. 毁灭性的,破坏性的	The high interest rates proved to be ruinous for many small businesses.
rule	v. 统治；支配；裁定n. 规章，条例；习惯；统治	Everyone must follow the school rules.
ruler	n. 统治者，支配者；尺，直尺	The country was ruled by a ruthless ruler for decades.
ruling	adj.统治的	The ruling party announced its new economic policy today.
rumor	n. 传闻，谣言	Don't believe everything you hear; it's just idle rumor.
run	v. 奔，跑；流，淌；蔓延，伸展；经营；运转	He likes to go for a run every morning before breakfast.
runner	n.赛跑的人	She is a very fast runner and has won several marathons.
running	adj.连续的,滚开,走开,流动的n.经营,走私	The running of the company is now in his hands.
rural	a. 农村的	We live in a small rural community in the countryside.
rush	v. (使)冲；奔n. 冲，急速行进a. (交通)繁忙的	I had to rush to catch the last train.
Russia	n.俄罗斯，俄语	Moscow is the capital city of Russia.
Russian	a.俄罗斯的 n.俄国人	She is learning how to speak Russian for her trip to St. Petersburg.
rust	n./v. 锈;生锈;荒废	The old iron fence was covered in rust.
rusty	a.生锈的；变迟钝的	My English is a bit rusty as I haven't used it for years.
ruthless	a. 残忍的,无情的	The company was led by a ruthless and ambitious CEO.
sack	n. 麻袋;解雇;vt. 解雇;劫掠	The farmer carried a large sack of wheat on his shoulder.
sacred	a. 神圣的	The Ganges is a sacred river for many people in India.
sacrifice	n./v. 献祭;牺牲	He made a noble sacrifice for the sake of his family.
sad	a. 悲哀的，忧愁的	It was a very sad and moving story.
saddle	n. 马鞍,鞍座,鞍状山脊	He climbed onto the saddle and rode away.
sadly	ad.悲痛地，悲哀地	Sadly, the cat passed away last night.
sadness	n.悲痛，悲哀	Her face showed a general sense of sadness and grief.
safe	a. 安全的，牢靠的；谨慎的，可靠的n. 保险箱	Please make sure that the door is locked and safe.
safely	ad.安全地；可靠地	The pilot managed to land the plane safely despite the storm.
safety	n. 安全，保险；安全设备，保险装置	Public safety should be a top priority for the government.
sag	v.下跌	The shelves began to sag under the weight of the heavy books.
said	adj.上述的，该	The said property will be sold at auction next week.
sail	n. 帆，航行v. 航行	We went for a sail on the quiet lake on Sunday afternoon.
sailing	adj.启航的n.航行	Sailing is a very relaxing and enjoyable hobby.
sailor	n. 水手，海员	The old sailor told us stories of his travels at sea.
saint	n. 圣人，基督教徒；(S-或St. 用于人，地名前)圣	Mother Teresa is seen as a modern-day saint.
sake	n. 缘故;目的	He worked hard for the sake of his children's future.
salad	n. 色拉，凉拌菜	I had a fresh and healthy salad for lunch.
salability	n.适销性	The new product has a high level of market salability.
salable	adj.有销路的，适销的	The technology is highly salable and has attracted a lot of interest.
salary	n. 薪金，薪水	He is looking for a job with a higher monthly salary.
sale	n. 出售，上市；贱卖，廉价出售；销售额	The house is now up for sale.
sales	n.销售adj.出售的	The company has increased its global sales this year.
salesman	n. 售货员，推销员	The car salesman was very persuasive and knowledgeable.
salmon	n.鲑，大马哈鱼	We had a delicious smoked salmon for breakfast.
salt	n. 盐，盐，类v. 腌，盐渍	Add a pinch of salt to the soup for extra flavor.
salty	adj.咸的	The water in the ocean is very salty.
salute	vi. 行礼,致敬,问候;vt. 向…致意,向…敬礼; 赞扬,颂扬;n. 敬礼,致意	The soldiers stood at attention and gave a crisp salute.
salution	n.致敬,敬礼	He raised his hat in a polite salution.
same	a. 相同的pron. 相同的人(或物)ad. 同样地	We arrived at the same time.
sample	n. 样品，实例，标本，抽样检查v. 取样，采样	The store provides free samples of their new products.
sampling	n.抽样	The quality of the water was checked through regular sampling.
sand	n. 沙；(pl.)沙滩，沙地	The children were playing with buckets and spades in the sand.
sandwich	n. 三明治，夹肉面包v. 夹入，挤进	I had a delicious cheese and tomato sandwich for lunch.
sandy	n.沙的，含沙的	The beach has beautiful soft sandy shores.
sanitary	a. 有关卫生的;清洁的	The hospital maintains very high sanitary standards.
Santa Claus	n.圣诞老人	Children leave out cookies and milk for Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.
sarcasm	n. 讽刺,挖苦,嘲笑	His voice was full of sarcasm when he spoke to his rival.
sarcastic	a. 讽刺的	She gave a sarcastic laugh at his suggestion.
sardine	n.沙丁鱼	The train was so crowded that we were packed in like sardines.
satellite	n. 卫星，人造卫星；附属物	The TV signal is broadcast via satellite.
satire	n. 讽刺，讽刺文学，讽刺作品	The play is a brilliant satire on modern politics.
satisfaction	n. 满足，满意；乐事，愉快	He gets a lot of satisfaction from his work.
satisfactorily	ad.圆满地	The issue was resolved satisfactorily for everyone involved.
satisfactory	a. 令人满意的，圆满的，良好的，符合要求的	The initial results of the trial are quite satisfactory.
satisfy	v. 满意，使满意，使相信，说服	The company is trying to find new ways to satisfy its customers.
saturation	n.饱和(状态)；浸透	The market has reached saturation point for luxury cars.
Saturday	n. 星期六	We usually go for a long walk on Saturday afternoon.
Saturn	n.农神；土星	Saturn is known for its beautiful and complex ring system.
sauce	n. 调味汁,酱油,莽撞,冒失	Add some hot sauce to the tacos for extra flavor.
saucer	n. 茶托，碟子	She placed the cup back on the saucer.
sausage	n. 香肠，腊肠	We had grilled sausages and mash for dinner.
savage	a. 未开化的;凶猛的	The explorers encountered several savage tribes in the jungle.
save	v. 救，拯救；储蓄，贮存；节省	He managed to save enough money to buy a new car.
savings	n.存款，储蓄额	They put all their savings into their new business.
saw	n. 锯子，锯床v. 锯，锯开	He used a hand saw to cut the wooden board.
say	vt. 说，讲；说明；比如说vi. 说，发表意见	What did he say about the new project?
scale	n. 鳞,鳞状物;尺度;等级;比例规模,相对大小;天平	The map has a scale of one to ten thousand.
scaly	adj.鱼鳞状的	The snake has a dry and scaly skin.
scan	v. 浏览,细看	He scanned the newspaper for any news about the election.
scandal	n. 冒犯或引起反感的行动,流言,诽谤	The news of the scandal shocked the whole nation.
scar	n. 伤疤,伤痕;(喻)内心创伤	He has a small scar on his forehead from a childhood accident.
scarce	a. 缺乏的，不足的；稀少的，罕见的	Fresh water is a scarce resource in some parts of the world.
scarcely	ad. 仅仅,几乎不	I could scarcely believe my eyes when I saw the news.
scarcity	n.缺乏，不足，萧条	The long drought led to a severe scarcity of food.
scare	n. 惊恐，恐慌v. 惊吓，受惊	She gave me a real scare when she jumped out from behind the door.
scarf	n. 围巾，头巾，领巾，领带	She wore a colorful silk scarf around her neck.
scarlet	n.猩红色a.猩红的	The sky turned a beautiful shade of scarlet at sunset.
scatter	v. 打散;撒,散布	The wind scattered the leaves across the lawn.
scene	n. 景色，景象，舞台；(戏)一场	The first scene of the movie is set in Paris.
scenery	n. 风景	We spent the afternoon marvelling at the beautiful mountain scenery.
scenic	adj.风景如画的	We took a scenic drive along the coast.
scent	n. 气味,香味;香水;踪迹,臭迹,线索;vt. 嗅出,闻到,察觉,怀疑有	The air was filled with the sweet scent of jasmine.
schedule	n./v. 时间表;列表	What is your schedule for next week?
scheme	n./v. 安排;计划;阴谋	The government is introducing a new social security scheme.
scholar	n. 学者	He is a brilliant scholar in the field of ancient history.
scholarship	n. 学问;奖学金	She was awarded a full scholarship to study at university.
school	n. 学校，(大学里的)学院；上学，学业；学派	He is still at school and will graduate next year.
schooling	n.学校教育	Proper schooling is essential for a successful future.
science	n. 科学；学科	She is studying computer science at university.
scientific	a. 科学上的	The research is based on a rigorous scientific method.
scientist	n. 科学家	Scientists are searching for new ways to treat the disease.
scissors	n. 剪刀	He used a pair of scissors to cut the paper.
scoff	vt.&vi.嘲笑，嘲弄	He scoffed at her suggestion, thinking it was ridiculous.
scold	vt./vi. 责骂,申斥	His parents scolded him for his bad behavior.
scope	n. (活动)范围；机会，余地	The problem is outside the scope of our research.
scorch	vt./vi. 烧焦,烤焦,枯萎	The intense heat served to scorch the grass.
scorching	adj.灼热的	The weather was scorching and reached 40 degrees Celsius.
score	n./v. 刻痕,记分,乐谱	What was the final score of the football game?
scorn	n. 轻蔑,蔑视	He looked at her with utter scorn and contempt.
scornful	adj.蔑视的，轻视的	She gave him a scornful look and walked away.
scotch	n.苏格兰	He ordered a glass of Scotch at the bar.
Scotsman	n.苏格兰人	The Scotsman was wearing a traditional kilt.
Scottish	adj.苏格兰的	She loves traditional Scottish music and dancing.
Scotland	n.苏格兰	Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland.
scout	n. 侦察员,侦察机,侦察舰	The scouts were sent ahead to gather information.
scramble	vi. (快速地)爬，攀登；互相争夺，争先	The hikers had to scramble over several large rocks.
scrap	n. 碎片,碎屑;少许,少量	He wrote the note on a small scrap of paper.
scrape	v./n. 刮,擦	She managed to scrape her knee on the concrete.
scratch	n. 抓痕,擦伤;vt. 抓,搔,挠	There is a small scratch on the car door.
scream	v./n. 尖声叫，喊叫着说出，(风)呼啸	She let out a loud scream of terror.
screech	v. &n.尖叫(声)	The car came to a screeching halt at the traffic lights.
screen	n. 屏幕，屏风；帘v. 掩蔽，包庇；筛选	We watched the news on the big screen in the square.
screw	n. 螺丝,螺旋;螺旋浆;vt./vi. 钉住,(用螺丝)拧;使紧	He used a screwdriver to tighten the loose screw.
screwdriver	n.螺丝刀，改锥	I need a flathead screwdriver to fix this chair.
script	n. 手迹,笔迹,手稿,剧本原稿	The actor spent hours learning his lines from the script.
scrub	n.&vt.擦洗，擦净	She spent the morning scrubbing the kitchen floor.
scrutiny	n. 细察;调查	The company's finances are under close scrutiny by the authorities.
sculptor	n.雕塑家	He is a famous sculptor known for his abstract works.
sculpture	n./v. 雕塑,雕刻	The garden is full of beautiful modern sculptures.
sea	n. 海，海洋，大量	The children spent the afternoon playing by the sea.
seal	n./v. 海豹;封蜡,封印;印记	The envelope was sealed with a wax seal.
seam	n./v. 线缝,接缝;煤层	The jacket has a split in the left seam.
seaman	n.海员，水手；水兵	The experienced seaman had traveled all over the world.
seaport	n.海港，港市	The city has a large and busy international seaport.
search	v./n. (for)搜索，寻找，探查	The police are conducting a search for the missing child.
seashore	n.海滨	We went for a long walk along the seashore at sunset.
seaside	n. 海滨，海边	We decided to spend our holiday at a small seaside resort.
season	n. 季，季节，时节	Spring is my favorite season of the year.
seasonal	adj.季节性的	The menu features several different seasonal vegetables.
seat	n. 座位，底座；所在地，场所v. 使坐下	Please take a seat and wait for a moment.
second	a. 第二；次等的，二等的n. 秒v. 赞成，附和v. (临时)调任，调派	He finished the race in second place.
secondary	a. 第二的,中级的,次要的	The report focused on several major secondary issues.
secondhand	adj.二手的，间接的	He bought a secondhand car last week.
secondly	ad.第二(点)；其次	Secondly, we need to consider the cost of the project.
secrecy	n.秘密(状态)	The meeting was held in absolute secrecy.
secret	a. 秘密的，机密的n. 秘密	He whispered the secret into her ear.
secretariat	n.秘书处	He works at the UN Secretariat in New York.
secretary	n. 秘书，书记；部长，大臣	The secretary answered the phone and took a message.
section	n. 部分,零件;剖面,横断面,阶层	The library has a large section for history books.
sector	n. 战区,防区;(工业等)部门,部分	The agricultural sector is a major part of the economy.
secure	a. (from，against)安全的，放心的v. 得到；防护	Please make sure that the building is secure.
security	n. 安全(感)，防御(物)，保证(人)，(pl.)证券	National security is a top priority for the government.
see	vt. 看见；会面；探望；知道，获悉；送行	I can see the ocean from my bedroom window.
seed	n. 种子v. 播种；结实，结籽	She planted several seeds in the garden.
seek	v. (after，for)寻找，探索；试图，企图	The company is seeking new ways to increase its profits.
seem	v. 好像，似乎	The problem seems to be more complex than we first thought.
seemingly	ad. 外观上，表面上	The decision was seemingly based on logic and facts.
segment	n. 部分,切片;段,节;v. 分割	The report is divided into several different segments.
seize	v. 抓住，逮住；夺取，占领；没收，查封	The police managed to seize a large quantity of illegal drugs.
seizure	n.强占，没收,发作,赃物	The seizure of the property was authorized by the court.
seldom	ad. 很少，不常	I seldom go to the cinema these days.
select	v. 选择，挑选a. 精选的，选择的	The committee will select the best candidate for the job.
selection	n. 选择，挑选；选集，精选物	The store has a wide selection of shoes to choose from.
self	n. 自我，自己	Self-confidence is essential for success.
selfish	adj. 自私的，利己的	Don't be so selfish; think about others too.
sell	v. 卖，出售	I decided to sell my old car and buy a new one.
seller	n.卖者；行销货	The car seller was very friendly and helpful.
seminar	n. (大学的)研究班，研讨会	We attended an interesting seminar on modern art yesterday.
semiconductor	n. 半导体	The technology industry relies on high-quality semiconductors.
senate	n. 参议院，上院	The Senate passed the new bill yesterday.
senator	n. 参议员	The senator gave a televised speech to the nation.
send	v. (sent，sent)1. 打发；派遣；2. 送；寄出	Please send me an email when you have more information.
sender	n.寄信人	The name of the sender was written on the back of the envelope.
senior	a. 年长的；地位较高的n. (大学)四年级学生	He is a senior partner in a large law firm.
sensation	n. 感觉，知觉；激动，轰动，轰动一时的事情	The new discovery caused a sensation in the scientific community.
sensational	adj.轰动的	The news of the discovery received sensational coverage in the media.
sense	n. 感官；感觉；判断力；意义v. 觉得，意识到	He has a very good sense of humor.
senseless	a.愚蠢的，无意义的	It was a senseless waste of time and energy.
sensible	a. 明智的;可感觉的	It is sensible to save some money for the future.
sensitive	a. 敏感的;过敏的,容易生气的;(仪器)灵敏的	She is a very sensitive child and cries easily.
sensitivity	n.敏感(性)；灵敏性	The project requires a high level of technical sensitivity.
sentence	n. 句子；判决，宣判v. 宣判，判决	He was sentenced to three years in prison for the robbery.
sentiment	n. 情操,思想感情;情绪	Public sentiment was strongly against the new policy.
sentimental	adj.多愁善感的	The movie was very sentimental and made many people cry.
separate	a. (from)分离的，分开的v. (from)分离，分开	The two sisters have separate bedrooms.
separately	ad.分离地	The items were shipped separately to ensure their safety.
separation	n.分离，分开；分居	The long separation from his family was difficult for him.
September	n. 九月	The new school year begins in September.
sequence	n. (事件、观念等的)系列;顺序;关联	The events took place in a logical sequence.
serene	adj.宁静的,安详的	The lake was calm and serene at sunset.
serenity	n.安详,宁静,平静,沉着	The peaceful environment provided a sense of serenity and well-being.
series	n. 连续,系列	The television series has been very popular with the audience.
serious	a. 严肃的；主要的；严重的，危急的；认真的	I have some serious matters to discuss with you.
seriously	ad.严肃地，认真地	You should take your studies more seriously.
sermon	n.布道，讲道，说教	The priest delivered an inspiring sermon at the Sunday service.
serpent	n.蛇(尤指大蛇或毒蛇)	In many stories, the serpent is a symbol of evil and cunning.
servant	n. 仆人	The wealthy family had several servants to take care of the house.
serve	v. 服务，尽责；招待，侍候；符合，适用	The organization aims to serve the needs of the local community.
service	n. 服务；公共设施；维修保养；行政部门v. 维修	The hotel offers excellent service to all its guests.
serviceable	adj.有用的，耐用的	The old car is still serviceable, but it needs some repairs.
session	n. 一段时间;开庭,开庭期;学期	The training session will last for three hours.
set	n. 一套，一副，装置，接受机v. 提出，调整，日落	We bought a new set of garden furniture.
setting	n. 镶嵌;环境,背景;(日月)沉落	The story takes place in a beautiful rural setting.
settle	v. 安定，安顿；停息；定居；解决，调停	We need to find a way to settle this dispute.
settlement	n. 解决，决定，调停；居留区，住宅区	The two parties reached a final settlement yesterday.
seven	num. 七，七个(人或物)	There are seven days in a week.
seventeen	num.十七，十七个	She is seventeen years old.
seventh	num.第七；七分之一	This is the seventh time I've tried to call him today.
seventy	num.七十，七十个	My grandfather is seventy years old.
several	a. 几个，若干，数个；各个的，各自的	There were several people waiting at the bus stop.
severe	a. 严厉的,严重的,剧烈的	The region is facing a severe shortage of water.
severely	ad.严厉地，严格地	He was severely punished for his bad behavior.
sew	v. 缝，缝纫	She is learning how to sew her own clothes.
sewing-machine	n.缝纫机	I need to get my sewing-machine fixed.
sex	n. 性别，性	What is the sex of the baby?
sexual	adj.性的，性感的	The law prohibits sexual discrimination in the workplace.
sexuality	n.性欲	The course explores the concept of human sexuality.
shabby	a. 破旧的;衣衫褴褛的;卑鄙的,不公平的	He was wearing an old and shabby jacket.
shade	n. 荫，阴影；遮光物，罩v. 遮蔽，遮光	We sat in the shade of a large tree to cool down.
shadow	n. 阴影，影子，荫；暗处，阴暗	The cat disappeared into the shadows of the alley.
shadowy	a.有影的；幽暗的	A shadowy figure was standing in the doorway.
shady	a. 成荫的，多荫的；可疑的，靠不住的	They sat on a shady bench in the park.
shaft	n. 矛;矿井;车辕;轴;光线	A shaft of light shone through the dark clouds.
shake	n./v. 摇动，摇；颤抖，震动	The building began to shake during the earthquake.
shall	aux. v. (我，我们)将要，会；必须，应该	I shall call you as soon as I arrive.
shallow	a. 浅的,肤浅的	The water in the pond is very shallow.
sham	n./a. 假冒(的)，虚伪(的)	His friendliness was all a sham to get what he wanted.
shame	n. 羞耻，耻辱；可耻的人(或事物)v. 使羞愧	It is a great shame that you can't come to the party.
shameful	a.可耻的；不道德的	His behavior at the meeting was considered highly shameful.
shampoo	n. 洗发膏，香波；洗发，洗头v. 洗发，洗头	I need to buy a new bottle of shampoo.
shape	n. 形状，外形；情况，状态；种类v. 成型，塑造	The cookies were cut into the shape of stars.
shapeless	adj.不定形的	He was wearing a large and shapeless woollen sweater.
share	v. (with)分配，共用；分担n. 一份，份额；股份	We decided to share the costs of the trip.
shark	n. 鲨鱼	The swimmers were warned about the presence of sharks in the water.
sharp	a. 锋利的；轮廓分明的；急转的ad. (指时刻)正	Be careful; the knife is very sharp.
sharpen	vt.削尖，使敏锐	He used a whetstone to sharpen his tools.
sharpener	n.铅笔刀，磨石	I need to buy a new pencil sharpener for the office.
sharply	ad.锐利地，敏锐地	The temperature has dropped sharply since last night.
shatter	vt./vi. 粉碎,毁损	The glass shattered into a hundred pieces when it hit the floor.
shave	v./n. 剃,刮	He decided to shave his beard off.
she	pron. (主格)她	She is a very talented and dedicated young artist.
shear	v. 剪，修剪	The farmer is busy shearing the sheep.
shed	n. 棚;车库vt. 脱落;发出	The trees begin to shed their leaves in autumn.
sheep	n. (绵)羊；易受人摆布的人	A flock of sheep was grazing in the green mountain pasture.
sheepish	adj.胆怯的	He gave her a sheepish smile after realizing his mistake.
sheer	a. 完全的,十足的;极薄的,透明的;陡峭的,垂直的	The cliffs were a sheer drop to the ocean below.
sheet	n. 被单,薄板	Please put a fresh sheet on the bed.
shelf	n. 架子，搁板	I put the books back on the shelf.
shell	n./v. 壳,剥壳	The children were collecting shells on the beach.
shelter	n. 掩蔽,遮蔽;避难所,隐蔽处	They sought shelter from the rain under a large tree.
shepherd	n. 牧羊人;vi. 带领,照看	The shepherd led his flock down from the mountains.
sheriff	n.郡长；警察局长	The sheriff was responsible for law enforcement in the county.
shield	n. 盾,保护者,保护物;v. 保护,庇护	The shield was designed to protect the soldiers from arrows.
shift	n. 位置转移,性格转变;轮班;vt. 转变,移动	We decided to shift our focus to the new project.
shilling	n. 先令	In the past, the shilling was a unit of British currency.
shine	v. 照耀，发光；擦亮n. 光泽，光	The sun began to shine through the clouds.
shiny	adj.耀眼的	The car had a shiny new coat of red paint.
ship	n. 船舶，舰艇v. 装运，航运，运送；发货	The ship arrived at the port early this morning.
shipbuilding	n.造船(业)，造船学	The city has a long and successful history of shipbuilding.
shipment	n. 装船，装运；装载的货物，装货量	We are waiting for the next shipment of electronics to arrive.
shipowner	n.船主	The shipowner is responsible for the maintenance of the vessel.
shipping	n.船运，装运	The shipping costs are included in the total price of the product.
shipwreck	n.船舶失事	The remains of the ancient shipwreck were discovered by divers.
shipyard	n.船坞	He works as a crane operator at the local shipyard.
shirt	n. 衬衫	He wore a smart white shirt to the interview.
shiver	vi./n. 颤抖,哆嗦	She began to shiver in the cold morning air.
shock	n./vt. (使)震惊	The news of the accident came as a great shock to everyone.
shoe	n. 鞋	I need to buy a new pair of running shoes.
shoemaker	n.鞋匠	The old shoemaker was famous for his high-quality leather boots.
shoot	v. 发射；掠过，疾驰而过n. 嫩枝，苗，射击	The basketball player managed to shoot the ball into the hoop.
shop	n. 商店，店铺；工厂，车间v. 买东西	I need to go to the shop to buy some milk.
shopkeeper	n. 店主	The friendly shopkeeper greeted all his regular customers.
shopping	n.买东西，购物	She enjoys going shopping for clothes on the weekends.
shore	n. 海滨，湖滨	We went for a walk along the shore at sunset.
short	a. 短的，矮的；(of)缺乏，不足n. (pl.)短裤	The meeting was very short and lasted only ten minutes.
shortage	n. 不足，缺少	The region is facing a severe shortage of water.
shortcoming	n. 短处，缺点	The report highlighted several shortcomings in the company's management.
shortcut	n.近路，捷径	We took a shortcut through the park to get home faster.
shorten	vt.弄短，缩小，减少	They decided to shorten the meeting because of the bad weather.
shorthand	n. 速记	The secretary took notes in shorthand during the meeting.
shortly	ad. 立刻，不久；不耐烦地，简慢地	The doctor will be with you shortly.
shorts	n.短裤	He wore a pair of blue shorts and a T-shirt.
short-weight	n.短装，短重	The customer complained about the short-weight of the goods.
shot	n. 开枪，射击；投篮；弹丸，炮弹，子弹	He took a brilliant shot from the edge of the penalty area.
should	aux./v. 应该；万一；可能，该；就；竟然会	You should see a doctor about that cough.
shoulder	n. 肩，肩部v. 肩负，承担	He carried the heavy box on his shoulder.
shout	v. 大声叫，喊，呼出n. 呼喊，叫	Don't shout; I can hear you perfectly.
shove	vt. 乱推；乱塞vi. 用力推，挤n. 猛推	He gave the heavy door a sharp shove to open it.
shovel	n. 铁锨,铲;vt. 铲起	He used a shovel to clear the snow from the driveway.
show	n. 节目，表演v. 上演(戏剧等)，放映(电影)	Can you show me how to solve this problem?
shower	n. 阵雨,淋浴	I like to take a cold shower after my morning workout.
showroom	n.展室，陈列室	The company has a large showroom in the city center.
shrewd	a. 敏锐的,精明的;准确的	He is a shrewd businessman who knows how to make a profit.
shriek	vi.尖声喊叫 n.尖叫声	She let out a loud shriek when she saw the spider.
shrill	a.尖声的vt.尖声地叫	The phone's shrill ringing woke me up.
shrine	n.神殿，神龛，圣祠	Thousands of people visit the holy shrine every year.
shrimp	n.(小)虾，河虾，褐虾	We had a delicious plate of grilled shrimp for dinner.
shrink	vt./vi. 收缩;退缩,畏缩	The sweater began to shrink after it was washed.
shroud	n.遮蔽物	The mountain was wrapped in a shroud of thick white mist.
shrub	n. 灌木,灌木丛	The garden is full of beautiful flowering shrubs.
shrug	n./v. 耸肩	He just gave a shrug and said he didn't know the answer.
shuffle	v.拖脚走,洗澡	The old man began to shuffle slowly down the street.
shun	v.躲避，躲开	He decided to shun the public eye after the scandal.
shut	v. 关，关闭	Please shut the door behind you.
shutter	n. 百叶窗,照相机快门	He closed the shutters to keep the sunlight out.
shuttle	n. 梭,滑梭;vt. 使穿梭般往返移动	The space shuttle was launched from Cape Canaveral.
shy	a. 怕羞的，腼腆的；胆怯的vi. 惊退，畏缩	She is a very shy child and finds it hard to talk to strangers.
sick	a. 有病的，患病的；恶心的，想吐的	He missed a week of school because he was sick.
sickness	n.疾病	He suffered from severe motion sickness during the flight.
sickle	n.镰刀	The farmer used a sickle to cut the tall grass.
side	n. 旁边，侧面；坡，岸；一边/侧/方vi. 支持	Which side of the road do people drive on in the UK?
sidewalk	n.人行道	Please walk on the sidewalk, not in the street.
sideways	ad./a. 向旁边(的)，侧身，横着(的)，斜着(的)	He gave me a quick sideways look.
siege	n. 围困;围城	The city was under siege for several months during the war.
sieve	n. 细筛,过滤网	She used a sieve to strain the pasta.
sift	vt.筛，过滤vi.通过	The scientists are sifting through the data to find any clues.
sigh	v./n. 叹气	She let out a long sigh of relief when she heard the news.
sight	n. 视力；望见，瞥见；视域；眼界；情景，奇观	The view from the top of the mountain was a beautiful sight.
sightseeing	n. 观光;游览	We spent the afternoon sightseeing in the city center.
sign	n. 记号,标志,征兆,v. 签名	Please sign your name at the bottom of the form.
signal	n./v. (发)信号	The red light is a signal to stop.
signature	n. 签名	I need your signature on this contract.
significance	n. 意义，含义；重要性，重要的	The discovery has major historical significance.
significant	a. 有意义的；重大的，重要的	There has been a significant improvement in his health.
signify	vt. 表示;意味;有重要性	The red flags signify that it is dangerous to swim.
signpost	n.路标，广告柱	Follow the signposts to the city center.
silence	n. 寂静，沉默v. 使沉默，使安静	A sudden silence fell over the room.
silent	a. 寂静，沉默的	The children remained silent while the teacher was speaking.
silicon	n. 硅	Silicon is a key component in the manufacture of microchips.
silk	n. 丝，绸	She wore a beautiful red silk dress to the party.
silky	adj.丝绸般的	The fabric had a very soft and silky feel.
silly	a. 傻的，糊涂的，愚蠢的	Don't be so silly; you know that's not true.
silver	n. 银；银器；银币v. 镀银	The winner was awarded a silver medal.
similar	a. 类似的	The two sisters have very similar personalities.
similarity	n.类似，相似；类似点	There are several striking similarities between the two cases.
simple	a. 简单的；单纯的，直率的；迟钝的，头脑简单的	The instructions are very simple and easy to follow.
simplicity	n. 简单，简易；朴素；直率，单纯	The design of the building is praised for its elegant simplicity.
simplify	vt. 简化	We need to find ways to simplify the production process.
simply	ad. 简单地；完全，简直；仅仅，只不过；朴素地	I simply don't have the time to finish the work tonight.
simulate	vt. 假装;模仿;模拟	The training program uses a computer to simulate real-life situations.
simultaneous	a. 同时发生的	The two events were almost simultaneous.
simultaneously	adv.同时地	The news was broadcast simultaneously on television and radio.
sin	n. 罪，罪恶v. 犯罪	He spent his life trying to atone for his sins.
since	prep. 自从conj. 自从；因为，既然ad. 后来	I haven't seen him since we finished school.
sincere	a. 真挚的;诚恳的	Please accept my sincere apologies for the mistake.
sincerely	adv.真诚地	I sincerely hope that you will recover soon.
sincerity	n.真诚，诚意；真实	Her sincerity was evident in her voice.
sinful	adj.有罪的，罪恶的	He was criticized for his sinful and greedy behavior.
sing	v. 唱，演唱；鸡叫	She has a beautiful voice and loves to sing.
singer	n.歌唱家，歌手	He is a famous professional singer who has won several awards.
single	a. 单人的；单一的，单个的；未婚的，独身的	He is currently a single man and enjoys his freedom.
singular	a. 非凡的;卓越的	His talent for music is truly singular.
sink	n. 洗涤槽	Please put the dirty dishes in the kitchen sink.
sir	n. 先生，长官；[S-用于姓名前	Yes, Sir. I will do it immediately.
siren	n. 警报声，警报器	The sound of the ambulance siren could be heard in the distance.
sister	n. 姐，妹；护士长；修女，女教士	My younger sister is studying medicine at university.
sit	vi. 坐，坐下；位于；栖息；孵卵vt. 使就坐	Please sit down and make yourself comfortable.
site	n. 位置 vt. 设置	The company is looking for a suitable site for its new factory.
sitting-room	n.起居室	The family was gathered in the sitting-room watching television.
situate	v.位于，坐落在	The hotel is situated in a very convenient location near the park.
situation	n. 形势，处境，状况；位置，场所；职位，职务	We are currently facing a very difficult and complex situation.
six	num. 六pron./a. 六(个，只…)	There are six players on a volleyball team.
sixteen	num.十六，十六个	She is sixteen years old and in high school.
sixth	num.第六；六分之一	This is the sixth time I've tried to call him today.
sixty	num.六十，六十个	My grandfather is sixty years old.
sizable	adj.相当大的	The company made a sizable profit this year.
size	n. 大小，尺寸，规模；尺码	What is the size of the room?
skate	v. 溜冰，滑冰n. 冰鞋	The children spent the afternoon skating on the frozen lake.
skating	n.滑冰，溜冰	Ice skating is a very popular winter sport.
skeleton	n. 骨骼,(建筑物、计划的)骨架,纲要	The museum has a complete skeleton of a dinosaur.
sketch	n. 草图,素描;短剧;简述;v. 草拟	He made a quick sketch of the landscape in his notebook.
ski	n. 雪橇v. 滑雪	We decided to go to the mountains to ski for the weekend.
skiing	n.滑雪	Skiing is a very exciting and enjoyable sport.
skill	n. 技能，技巧，手艺；熟练	He has excellent technical skills in computer programing.
skillful	a. (in，at)灵巧的，娴熟的	She is a very skillful and talented young artist.
skim	vt. 浏览,略读,掠过,抹去	He skimmed through the newspaper to find any interesting news.
skin	n. 皮，皮肤；兽皮，皮毛；外皮，外壳v. 剥皮	Always wear sunscreen to protect your skin from the sun.
skip	n./v. 跳,遗漏	The little girl began to skip across the lawn.
skirmish	n.小冲突,小规模战斗	The two armies had a minor skirmish near the border.
skirt	n. 裙子；边缘，郊区	She wore a beautiful long blue skirt to the gala.
skull	n. 头盖骨，颅骨	The skull protects the brain from injury.
sky	n. 天空；[pl.	The sky was full of bright stars last night.
skyrocket	v.猛涨	The price of gold has skyrocketed in recent months.
skyscraper	n. 摩天大楼	Dubai is famous for its many impressive skyscrapers.
slack	a. 松(弛)的;萧条的;懈怠的;n. (绳索等)松弛部分; [pl.	The rope was slack and needed to be tightened.
slam	vt. 砰地关上;猛力拉/扔,砰地放下;猛烈抨击; vi. (门、窗等)砰地关上;n. 砰的一声	Don't slam the door; the baby is sleeping.
slander	n./vt. 诽谤,污蔑	The politician was accused of slandering his opponent.
slang	n.俚语；行话，黑话	English is full of colorful and interesting slang expressions.
slap	vt. 掌击,拍打	She gave him a sharp slap on the face after his rude comment.
slaughter	n./vt. 屠宰,屠杀	The organization is working to prevent the slaughter of endangered animals.
slave	n. 奴隶，苦工v. 做苦工，拼命地干	The history of the region was shaped by the struggle against slavery.
slavery	n.奴隶制度；苦役	Many people fought bravely to eliminate slavery in the 19th century.
slay	v.屠杀	In many myths, the hero manages to slay the terrifying dragon.
sleep	v. (slept，slept)睡n. 睡眠	I need to get at least eight hours of sleep every night.
sleepy	a.想睡的；寂静的	I always feel a bit sleepy after lunch.
sleet	n.雨加雪	The road was very slippery because of the freezing sleet.
sleeve	n. 袖子	He rolled up his sleeves and started working.
slender	a. 细长的,苗条的,纤弱的;微小的,微薄的	She has a very slender and graceful figure.
slice	n. 片;部分;v. 切片	I'd like a thick slice of chocolate cake, please.
slide	n. 滑;幻灯片;v. 滑动	The children were having fun on the slide in the playground.
slight	a. 轻微的,不足道的;纤细的,瘦弱的;vt./n. 轻视,藐视	There was only a slight improvement in the patient's condition.
slightly	ad.稍微，有点	The price of the product has increased slightly.
slim	a. 细长的;苗条的	She is a very slim and energetic young woman.
slip	n./v. 滑;失误	Be careful not to slip on the wet floor.
slipper	n. 便鞋，拖鞋	I like to wear comfortable slippers at home.
slippery	a. 滑的，滑溜的	The road was very slippery after the freezing rain.
slit	n. 狭长的切口;裂缝;vt. 切开;撕裂	He made a small slit in the box to see what was inside.
slogan	n. 标语,口号	The company's new slogan is 'Quality You Can Trust'.
slope	n. 斜线,斜度;倾斜面,斜坡	The road has a steep slope, making it hard to climb.
slow	a. 慢的，不活跃的v. (down)(使)放慢，减速	The traffic was very slow because of the accident.
slowdown	n.放慢，迟缓	The economy is experiencing a significant slowdown this year.
slowly	ad.慢慢地	The cat began to creep slowly across the lawn.
slum	n. 陋巷,平民窟	The government is launching a program to improve living conditions in the slums.
slumber	n.睡眠；沉睡状态	He was in a deep slumber and didn't hear the alarm.
slump	n.暴跌，不景气,(个人的,球队的)低潮状态	The housing market is currently in a major slump.
sly	a. 狡猾的，偷偷摸摸的	He gave her a sly smile and walked away.
smack	n.滋味v.劈啪地响	She gave him a sharp smack on the arm for his rude comment.
small	a. 小的；年幼的；不重要的；小规模(经营)的	The company is just a small local business.
smart	a. 漂亮的；聪明的；巧妙的v. 剧痛，刺疼	He is a very smart and talented student who always gets high grades.
smash	vt./vi. 打碎,打破;击溃	The ball hit the window and smashed the glass.
smell	n. 气味；嗅觉v. 嗅，闻到；散发(…的)气味	The smell of fresh coffee filled the kitchen.
smile	n. 微笑，笑容vi. 微笑，露出笑容	She greeted us with a warm and friendly smile.
smog	n. 烟雾	Air pollution in the city has led to a significant increase in smog.
smoke	n. 烟，烟尘；吸烟，抽烟v. 抽(烟)；冒烟，冒气	We could see a thick plume of black smoke in the distance.
smoker	n.抽烟者	The restaurant has a separate area for smokers.
smoking	n.抽烟	Smoking is prohibited inside the building.
smooth	a. 光滑的,平稳的 v. 使光滑,使平稳	The water was as smooth as a mirror.
smoothly	ad.光滑地；平稳地	The project is progressing smoothly and is on schedule.
smuggle	vt. 私运,走私	The group was caught trying to smuggle illegal drugs into the country.
smuggler	n.走私者	The police are still searching for the notorious smuggler.
smuggling	n.走私	The government is trying to tighten its borders to prevent smuggling.
snack	n. 小吃,快餐	I always have a small snack in the afternoon.
snail	n.蜗牛；行动缓慢的人	The cat was watching a small snail crawl across the garden path.
snake	n. 蛇	We saw a small green snake in the forest.
snap	v. 啪地移动；(使)突然断开，断开(成两截)	The dry branch snapped under his weight.
snatch	vt. 夺,夺走;一下子拉,一把抓住;抓住机会做;vi. (at)一把抓住;n. 片断	The thief tried to snatch her bag and run away.
sneak	vi. 偷偷地走，溜vt. 偷偷地做(或拿、吃)	The cat tried to sneak into the kitchen to find some food.
sneakers	n.旅游鞋	He wore a pair of white sneakers and a tracksuit.
sneer	vi.&n.冷笑；嘲笑	He gave a cold sneer when he heard his rival's suggestion.
sneeze	vi. 打喷嚏，发喷嚏声n. 喷嚏	The smell of the pepper made him sneeze.
sniff	vi. 嗅…味道；抽鼻涕；对嗤之以鼻，蔑视	The dog began to sniff the visitor's shoes.
snob	n.势利小人	He was seen as a real snob who only cared about money and status.
snobbery	n.势利	The company culture was criticized for its high level of snobbery.
snobbish	a.势利的，谄上欺下的	She has a very snobbish attitude towards her colleagues.
snore	vi.打鼾，打呼噜	I couldn't sleep because my roommate was snoring so loudly.
snow	n. 雪，下雪vi. 下雪；如雪一般地落下	The hills were covered in a thick layer of fresh white snow.
snowman	n.雪人	The children spent the afternoon building a snowman in the yard.
snowstorm	n. 暴风雪	The school was closed because of the severe snowstorm.
snowy	a.雪的，下雪的	We had a very cold and snowy winter last year.
so	ad. 那么；非常；也；不错conj. 因此；以便	The project was so successful that they decided to launch a new one.
soak	v. 浸泡;淋湿	I decided to soak the dirty clothes in warm soapy water.
soap	n. 肥皂	Don't forget to wash your hands with soap and water.
soar	vi. 剧增;高飞;高涨;屹立	The price of gold began to soar in the international market.
sob	v./n. 哭泣，呜咽	The little girl began to sob after she lost her toy.
sober	a. 未醉的;严肃的;素淡的;v. (up)(使)醒酒;(使)清醒	He was absolutely sober and in control of his actions.
so-called	a. (贬)所谓的，号称的	The so-called expert didn't seem to know much about the topic.
soccer	n. 足球	He is a very talented soccer player and has won several awards.
sociable	a. 友好的,喜好交际的	She is a very sociable and outgoing person.
social	a. 社会的；交际的	Child development is influenced by several different social factors.
socialism	n. 社会主义	The party's political views are based on the principles of socialism.
socialist	a.社会主义的	He has strong socialist views on economic development.
society	n. 社会；社团，协会，社；社交界，上流社会	The organization is working to build a more just and fair society.
sociologist	n.社会学家	He works as a senior sociologist at a national research institute.
sociology	n. 社会学	She is studying sociology and social policy at university.
sock	n. (pl.)短袜	I need to buy some new pairs of black socks.
soda	n. 苏打，汽水	I'd like a large glass of orange soda, please.
sodium	n.钠	Common table salt is made of sodium and chlorine.
sofa	n. 长沙发，沙发	We sat on the comfortable sofa and watched a movie.
soft	a. 软的；温柔的；细嫩的，光滑的；不含酒精的	The bed was soft and very comfortable.
soften	vt.使软化vi.变软弱	The news helped to soften his heart towards his former rival.
softly	ad.柔软地；温柔地	She spoke softly so as not to wake the sleeping baby.
softness	n.温和，柔和；软弱	The fabric had a very pleasant softness and smoothness.
software	n. 软件	The company develops specialized software for the medical industry.
soil	n. 泥土;v. 弄脏	The soil in this valley is very rich and fertile.
solar	a. 太阳的，日光的	We decided to install solar panels on our roof.
soldier	n. 士兵，军人	The soldiers stood at attention and gave a crisp salute.
sole	adj. 单独的,惟一的;独有的 n. 脚底,鞋底,袜底	He was the sole survivor of the terrible plane crash.
solely	ad.单独地，唯一地	The decision was made solely for financial reasons.
solemn	a. 严肃的;庄严的,隆重的	The judge delivered the sentence in a very solemn voice.
solicitor	n.律师	If you have legal problems, you should consult a solicitor.
solid	a. 固体的；结实的，稳固的，可靠的n. 固体	The house has very solid and stable foundations.
solidarity	n. 团结一致	The protesters showed great solidarity with each other.
solitary	a. 独居的,孤独的,惟一的;荒凉的	The old man lived a solitary life in a small cottage in the woods.
solitude	n.寂寞，独居	She enjoyed the quiet solitude of the mountains.
solo	n. 独奏;独唱	The young violinist gave a brilliant solo performance.
solution	n. 解答，解决办法；溶解，溶液	We need to find a practical solution to this problem.
solve	v. 解决，解答	Scientists are trying to solve the mystery of the missing link.
solvency	n.偿付能力	The company is working hard to maintain its long-term financial solvency.
solvent	a. 能偿还的,溶解的;n. 溶剂,偿付能力	The company is still solvent despite the heavy financial losses.
some	a. 几个；一些；有些；某(人或物)pron. 一些	Some people prefer tea, while others prefer coffee.
somebody	pron. 某人，有人n. 重要人物	Somebody left their keys on the kitchen table.
somehow	ad. 以某种方式，用某种方法；不知怎么地	We managed to finish the project on time somehow.
someone	pron. 某人	Someone is waiting for you in the lobby.
something	pron. 某事，某物；被视为有意义的事物	There is something very strange about his story.
sometime	ad. 将来(或过去)某个时候a. 以前的	Let's get together for dinner sometime next week.
sometimes	ad. 不时，有时，间或	Sometimes I feel like I'm the only person who understands.
somewhat	ad. 有点儿	The situation is somewhat more complex than we first thought.
somewhere	ad. 某地，在某处；在附近，前后，大约	I know I left my phone somewhere in this room.
son	n. 儿子；孩子(长者对年青或年幼男子的称呼)	He is the oldest son of a wealthy businessman.
song	n. 歌唱，(虫、鸟等)鸣声；歌曲，歌词	The birds sang a beautiful song early in the morning.
son-in-law	n.女婿	Her son-in-law works as a software engineer.
sonnet	n.十四行诗	Shakespeare is famous for his many beautiful sonnets.
soon	ad. 不久，即刻；快，早	I'll be back as soon as I can.
soot	n.油烟，煤烟	The chimney was clogged with thick black soot.
soothe	v.安慰，使镇定	The mother tried to soothe the crying baby.
sophisticated	adj. [人	The new computer system is highly sophisticated and advanced.
sophistication	n.世故	She has a high level of sophistication and elegance.
sore	a. 疼痛的;恼火的;极度的,剧烈的	My legs were sore after the long hike.
sorrow	n. 悲衰，悲痛	She expressed her deep sorrow at the loss of her friend.
sorrowful	a.使人伤心的；悲伤的	He gave her a sorrowful look and walked away.
sorry	a. 对不起，抱歉的；难过，悔恨的；使人伤心	I'm very sorry for the mistake I made.
sort	v. 分类 n. 种类	What sort of music do you like to listen to?
soul	n. 灵魂，心灵；精神，精力；人	Classical music is food for the soul.
sound	n. 声音v. 发声，响a. 健全的，完好的；正当的	I heard a strange sound coming from the basement.
soup	n. 汤	I'd like a bowl of hot tomato soup, please.
sour	a. 酸的	The milk has gone sour and is no longer fresh.
source	n. 源，源泉；来源，出处	The sun is the ultimate source of energy for the Earth.
south	n. 南，南方，南部a. 南方的，南部的	The compass needle points towards the south.
southeast	n./a. 东南(的)，东南部(的)	The city is located in the southeast part of the country.
southern	a. 南方的，南部的	The southern part of the country is known for its beautiful beaches.
southward	adj. &adv.向南	The birds began their annual migration southward for the winter.
southwest	n./a. 西南(的)，西南部(的)	A warm wind was blowing from the southwest.
souvenir	n. 纪念品	I bought a small souvenir of my trip to Italy.
sovereign	a. 主权的;有最高统治权的	The country gained its sovereign status after years of struggle.
sovereignty	n.主权	The people are fighting to protect their national sovereignty.
sow	v. 播种	The farmer is busy sowing wheat in the field.
soy	n.酱油；大豆，黄豆	I like to add some soy sauce to my fried rice.
space	n. 间隔；空地，余地；空间v. 留间隔，隔开	There is a lot of empty space in the backyard.
spacecraft	n. 宇宙飞船	The spacecraft was launched into space early this morning.
spaceship	n. 宇宙飞船	In the story, the heroes travel across the galaxy in a spaceship.
space shuttle	n.航天飞机	The space shuttle Columbia returned to Earth safely.
spacious	a. 广阔的,宽敞的	The new apartment is very spacious and bright.
spade	n. 铁锹，铲子	He used a spade to dig a hole in the garden.
Spain	n.西班牙	Madrid is the capital city of Spain.
span	n. 一段时间;跨距,跨度;vt. 持续,贯穿,包括;横跨,跨越	The bridge spans the entire width of the river.
Spanish	a.西班牙的n.西班牙人	She is learning how to speak Spanish for her trip to Mexico.
spare	a. 空闲的;剩余的;n. 备用件	I have a spare set of keys if you need them.
spark	n. 火花，火星v. 发火花，发电花	The speaker's words kindled a spark of hope in the audience.
sparkle	vi. 闪光,闪耀	The diamond began to sparkle under the bright lights.
sparrow	n.麻雀	A small sparrow was sitting on the window sill.
spatial	a. 空间的,关于空间的	The study explores the spatial distribution of the local wildlife.
speak	v. 说话，讲话；演说，发言；(in)说某种语言	Can you speak more slowly, please?
speaker	n. 说话者，发言者；说某种语言者；扬声器	The speaker gave a very moving and persuasive speech.
spear	n. 矛，枪	The hunters used long wooden spears to catch the animal.
special	a. 特殊的，专门的；附加的，额外的	We had a special celebration for my grandmother's birthday.
specialist	n. 专家	She is a specialist in the field of modern history.
specialize	v. 专门研究	The company specializes in the manufacture of medical devices.
specialized	adj.专业的，专门的	The job requires a high level of specialized technical knowledge.
specially	ad.专门地，特别地	I bought this gift specially for you.
specialty	n. 特性，性质；专业/长；特产	Spicy food is a specialty of this local restaurant.
species	n. 生物的种;种类	Many rare species of birds live in this forest.
specific	a. 明确的，具体的；特定的，特有的	I have several specific questions about the new project.
specification	n. 载明,详述;规格,清单,说明书	Please check the technical specifications before using the machine.
specify	v. 指定，详细说明	You need to specify the exact date and time of your arrival.
specimen	n. 标本,样品,样张;试样	The scientist collected several soil specimens for analysis.
spectacle	n. (pl.)眼镜；场面，景象；奇观，壮观	The sunset over the ocean was a truly magnificent spectacle.
spectacular	a. 壮观的	The view from the top of the mountain is absolutely spectacular.
spectator	n. 观众,旁观者	Thousands of spectators gathered to watch the football final.
spectrum	n. 光谱,系列	The rainbow shows the full spectrum of visible light.
speculate	v. 推测,推断;投机,做投机买卖	Scientists can only speculate about the cause of the phenomenon.
speculation	n.推测，投机	The news led to a lot of speculation in the media.
speculator	n.投机商	The housing market was driven up by real estate speculators.
speech	n. 演说，讲话；言语，语言	The president gave a moving speech to the nation.
speed	n. 速度，快v. 迅速，前进，急行；加速，使加速	The car was travelling at a very high speed.
speedy	adj.快速的	We wish you a very speedy recovery.
spell	v. 拼写	How do you spell your last name?
spelling	n. 拼法，拼写法	Please check your spelling and grammar carefully.
spend	v. 花费；消耗，用尽；度过，消磨	They decided to spend their holiday in Italy.
sphere	n. 球,球面;天体;(兴趣,活动,势力等的)范围	The problem falls outside my sphere of knowledge.
spice	n.香料，调味品；香气	Add some spice to the soup for extra flavor.
spicy	a. 加很多香料的；(口味)浓郁的	I love traditional Indian food, especially spicy curries.
spider	n. 蜘蛛	The spider was busy weaving a web in the corner.
spill	vt./vi. (使)溢出,(使)溅出	Be careful not to spill your milk.
spin	vt./vi. 纺纱,编结;编造故事; n./vi. 眩晕	The Earth spins once on its axis every twenty-four hours.
spiral	a. 螺旋形的	The staircase had a beautiful spiral design.
spirit	n. 精神；志气；(pl.)情绪，心情；(pl.)酒精	The team showed a very strong competitive spirit.
spiritual	a. 精神的,心灵的;神圣的,超自然的	Meditation is a great way to promote spiritual well-being.
spit	vt./vi. 吐(唾沫)	It is considered very rude to spit in public.
spite	n. 恶意；怨恨	He did it just to spite her.
splash	v./n. 溅水,泼水;显示,鼓吹	The children were having fun making a big splash in the pool.
splendid	a. 壮丽的,辉煌的	The hotel has a splendid view of the ocean.
split	vt./vi. 劈开,使裂开;分离	The two parties decided to split the profits fifty-fifty.
spoil	v. 破坏;宠坏;(食物)变坏	The bad weather served to spoil our holiday.
spokesman	n. 发言人	A government spokesman denied the rumors.
sponge	n. 海绵,海绵状物,松糕	I used a sponge to clean the kitchen floor.
sponsor	n./v. 发起(人),主办(人)	The event was sponsored by several local businesses.
sponsorship	n.发起，主办	The project relies on corporate sponsorship for its funding.
spontaneous	a. 自发的,无意识的;自然的,天真率直的	The announcement was met with a spontaneous burst of applause.
spoon	n. 匙，调羹	I'd like a spoon for my dessert, please.
spoonful	adj.一匙的量	Add a spoonful of sugar to the tea.
sport	n. (体育)运动(pl.)运动会vi. 开玩笑；玩耍	Swimming is my favorite sport.
sportsman	n. 爱好运动的人；运动员	He was a famous professional sportsman who won several medals.
sportsmanship	n.体育精神	The team was praised for its excellent sportsmanship.
spot	n. 斑点；地点v. 认出，认清，发现；玷污，弄脏	The house is in a beautiful quiet spot near the lake.
sprain	v. &n.扭伤	He managed to sprain his ankle while playing football.
spray	vt./n. 水花;飞沫;喷射	The gardener used a spray to protect the plants from pests.
spread	v./n. 伸开，伸展；散布，传播	The news spread quickly through the whole community.
spring	v./n. 跳,发芽 n. 春季,泉,弹簧	Spring is a time of new growth and renewal.
sprinkle	n. 洒，喷，淋	Sprinkle some cheese on top of the pasta.
sprout	vt./vi. 发芽,开始生长;发展	The seeds began to sprout after a few days.
spur	n./v. 刺激;鞭策	The success of the project spurred them on to work harder.
spy	n. 间谍v. 当间谍，刺探；察觉，发现	The journalist was accused of being a spy for a foreign government.
square	a. 正方形的,直角的,公平的 n. 正方形,广场,平方	The table has a simple square design.
squash	vt.压碎n.鲜果汁	He accidentally squashed the berries under his foot.
squat	vi.&vt.(使)蹲下	The old man began to squat by the fire.
squeeze	vt./vi. 挤,榨	He managed to squeeze through the narrow opening.
squirrel	n. 松鼠	A small squirrel was scuttling across the park.
stab	v./n. 刺，戳	He was stabbed in the arm during the fight.
stability	n. 稳定，安定	Everyone hopes for political stability in the region.
stable	a. 稳定的，安定的n. 马厩，马棚	The condition of the patient is now stable.
stack	n. 堆;大量;书库	There was a large stack of firewood in the backyard.
stadium	n. 露天运动场	Thousands of fans gathered at the stadium for the final.
staff	n. 木棍,杆,工作人员	The company has a dedicated staff of over five hundred people.
stage	n. 舞台，戏剧；阶段，时期	The first stage of the project is now complete.
stagger	v./n. 摇晃;蹒跚;vt. 使吃惊;使错开,使交错	The drunk man began to stagger down the street.
stagnation	n.停滞	The economy has been in a state of stagnation for several years.
stain	n./v. 染料,着色剂,污点,沾污处	There is a small red wine stain on the white rug.
stainless	a.纯洁的；不锈的	The kitchen sink is made of high-quality stainless steel.
stair	n. (pl.)楼梯	He ran up the stairs to his bedroom.
staircase	n. 楼梯	The house has a magnificent white marble staircase.
stake	n. 木桩;赌注;利害关系	The company has a major stake in the telecommunications industry.
stale	a. 食品不新鲜的;陈旧的,过度劳累而表现不佳的;陈腐的	The bread has gone stale and is hard to eat.
stalk	n. 茎，梗vt. 悄悄地跟踪vi. 高视阔步地走	The cat began to stalk the bird through the long grass.
stall	n. 分隔栏;售货摊;前排座位,畜栏,厩	I bought a fresh sandwich at the market stall.
stammer	vt.口吃地说n.口吃	He began to stammer when he was nervous.
stamp	n. 邮票；印；跺脚；标志v. 跺脚，顿足；盖章	Don't forget to put a stamp on the envelope.
stand	vi. 站立；位于；经受n. 台，座；货摊；立场	I can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
standard	n. 标准,旗帜	The company maintains high standards of quality and service.
standardize	vt.使与标准比较	The government is trying to standardize the school curriculum.
standing	n. 持续,期间;身分,地位,名望;a. 永存的,常务的	He is a doctor of high standing in the community.
standpoint	n. 立场，观点	From my standpoint, the new proposal is acceptable.
standstill	n.停顿	The traffic came to a complete standstill after the accident.
staple	n. 订书钉,U形钉;主食;主要产品;vt. 用订书钉订;a. 主要的;基本的;标准的	Rice is a staple food for many people around the world.
stapler	n.钉书机	I need to buy a new stapler for the office.
star	n. 星；恒星；明星v. 用星号标出；扮演主角	The sky was full of bright stars last night.
stare	v. (at)盯，凝视	Don't stare at people; it's considered very rude.
start	v. 开始；动身；吃惊；开办，开动n. 开端；惊起	What time does the meeting start?
starting	n.出发，开始	The starting point of our journey was New York.
startle	v. 惊吓，使吃惊	The loud noise served to startle everyone in the room.
starvation	n.饥饿	The organization is working to eliminate world starvation.
starve	v. 挨饿	The poor animals were left to starve in the cold.
state	n. 状态，情况；国，州v. 陈述，说明	Please state your name and address for the record.
statement	n. 声明，陈述	The company released an official statement about the accident.
statesman	n. 政治家,政客	Winston Churchill was a famous British statesman.
static	a. 静止的,固定的;n. 静电干扰	The population of the village has remained static for years.
station	n. 车站；所，站，局；身份，地位v. 安置，驻扎	The nearest train station is about ten minutes away.
stationary	a. 固定的,定置的;不变动的, 不移动的	The car was stationary when the truck hit it.
stationery	n. 文具	I need to buy some more office stationery.
statistical	a. 统计的，统计学的	The report provides a detailed statistical analysis of the data.
statistics	n. 统计,统计数字,统计学	The latest statistics show an increase in tourism.
statue	n. 塑像，雕像	A statue of the leader was erected in the main square.
status	n. 身分,地位	His social status improved significantly after his promotion.
statute	n. 法令,法规	The new statute aims to protect the rights of workers.
stay	vi. 逗留；保持vt. 停止，延缓n. 逗留，停留	We decided to stay in a small hotel near the beach.
steadily	ad.稳定地，不变地	The price of gold has been rising steadily.
steady	a. 稳的,平稳的;稳定的,持续的;稳重的,坚定的; v. (使)平稳,(使)稳定	He has a very steady and reliable personality.
steak	n. 肉片,鱼片,牛排	I ordered a medium-rare steak with vegetables.
steal	v. 偷，窃取；偷偷地做，巧取	It is a serious crime to steal from others.
steam	n. 水汽，蒸汽，水蒸气v. 蒸发；蒸；用蒸汽开动	I could see the steam rising from the hot coffee.
steamer	n. 蒸笼,汽锅,汽船,轮船	The old paddle steamer took tourists up the river.
steel	n. 钢	The bridge was built using high-quality structural steel.
steep	a. 陡峭的;(价格等)过高的;急剧的(上升或下降); vt. 浸泡,沉浸	The road has a very steep incline, making it hard to climb.
steer	vt. 驾驶,为…操舵;引导vi. 驾驶	He managed to steer the boat safely through the narrow channel.
stem	n. 茎;vi. (～from)起源于	The problem stems from a lack of communication.
stencil	n.复写纸，蜡纸	He used a stencil to paint the letters on the sign.
step	n. 步；台阶，梯级；步骤，措施v. 踏，走，举步	We need to take steps to reduce pollution.
stereo	n. 立体声录音机	He bought a new stereo system for his car.
sterling	a. 金银标准成分的;货真价实的,纯正的	The company has a sterling reputation for quality and service.
stern	a. 严厉的,严格的;n. 船尾	The captain gave him a very stern look.
stevedore	n.码头工人	The stevedores were busy loading the cargo onto the ship.
stew	vt.炖vi.炖着n.炖肉	We had a delicious beef stew for dinner.
steward	n. 乘务员,服务员;组织者	The flight steward served drinks to the passengers.
stewardess	n.空中小姐，女乘务员	The stewardess showed us how to use the life jackets.
stick	n. 棍，棒，手杖v. 刺，戳，扎；粘贴	Use some glue to stick the pieces together.
sticky	a. 粘的，粘性的；棘手的；(道路)泥泞的	The floor was very sticky after the juice was spilled.
stiff	a. 坚硬的;费劲的;不易弯的	My muscles were very stiff after the long hike.
still	a. 静止的，寂静的ad. 还，仍然；更；安静地	The lake was calm and still at dawn.
stillness	n.寂静，无声	The absolute stillness of the night was broken by a dog's bark.
stimulate	v. 刺激，使兴奋；激励，鼓舞	The new policy aims to stimulate economic growth.
stimulation	n.刺激	The brain requires constant stimulation to function properly.
sting	n./v. 刺;刺痛	The bee sting was very painful.
stink	adj.臭的	The smell of the rotting garbage was a terrible stink.
stipulate	v. 规定,约定	The contract stipulates that the work must be finished by June.
stipulation	n.规定	The new rules included several strict stipulations.
stir	v. 搅拌，搅动；动，摇动；激动；轰动；煽动，鼓动	Please stir the soup before serving.
stirring	adj.动人的,萌动的	The speaker gave a very stirring and persuasive speech.
stitch	n. 缝纫;缝线;(肋部)突然剧痛	She used a needle and thread to put several stitches in the shirt.
stock	n. 存货,供给,股票 v. 供应	The store has a large stock of electronic components.
stocking	n. 长(统)袜	She bought a pair of black silk stockings.
stomach	n. 胃，胃口；肚子，腹部vt. 承受，忍受	I have a terrible stomach ache and need some medicine.
stone	n. 石，石头；岩石，矿石；(水果的)核、子	The children were throwing stones into the river.
stony	a.多石的；冷酷的	The path was very narrow and stony.
stool	n. 凳子；(pl.)大便	He sat on a tall wooden stool at the bar.
stoop	vt./vi. 弯腰,俯身;屈从,堕落,沦为	He had to stoop to look through the low doorway.
stop	v. 停止；塞住；阻止，阻挠；逗留n. 停车站；停止	Please stop talking and listen to me.
storage	n. 贮藏(量)，保管；库房	The company provides secure storage facilities for business data.
store	n. 商店，店铺；贮藏，贮备品v. 贮藏，贮备	We need to store the goods in a cool and dry place.
storey	n. 房屋的一层	The hotel building has ten storeys.
storm	n. 暴风雨，暴风雪；激动，爆发v. 猛攻，直捣	The heavy storm caused a lot of damage to the coastal town.
stormy	a.有暴风雨的；激烈的	The weather was very stormy and rough all week.
story	n. 故事，传说，小说；(=storey)楼层	My grandfather told us many interesting stories about his childhood.
stout	a.矮胖的；坚固的	He was a stout and energetic middle-aged man.
stove	n. 炉子，火炉	I'll put the kettle on the stove and make some tea.
stow	v.装载，理舱	The crew were busy stowing the cargo in the ship's hold.
stowage	n.装载	Proper stowage of the goods is essential for their safety.
straight	a. 直的；整齐的，端正的ad. 直接；正直，直率	Go straight down this street and then turn left.
straightforward	a. 正直的,坦率的,老实的, 简明易懂的	The instructions are very straightforward and easy to follow.
straighten	vt.把…弄直vi.挺起来	He managed to straighten the bent wire.
strain	n. 拉紧,紧张,拉力;劳累,过分疲劳; vt./vi. 尽量利用;拉紧;扭伤;过滤	The long meeting was a real strain for everyone.
strait	n. 海峡;困难,窘迫	The ship passed through the narrow strait safely.
strand	n.(绳)股，缕	The rope consists of several different strands of fiber.
strange	a. 奇怪的，奇异的；陌生的，生疏的；外地的	I heard a very strange and mysterious sound.
stranger	n. 陌生人，生客；外地人，外国人	Don't talk to strangers; it's considered very dangerous.
strap	n. 带;皮带;vt. 用带束住;捆扎	She used a leather strap to secure her bag.
strategic	a. 战略的,战略方针的	The company's strategic plan focused on global expansion.
strategy	n. 战略，策略；对策，政策	We need a new strategy to attract more customers.
straw	n. 稻草，麦杆；吸管	I'd like a straw for my soda, please.
strawberry	n. 草莓	Chocolate and strawberry is my favorite flavor combination.
stray	vi.迷路a.迷路的	A stray dog was wandering around the neighborhood.
streak	n.纹理，条纹 vt.裸奔,飞驰	A bright streak of lightning lit up the night sky.
stream	n. 小河，溪流；流，一股，一串v. 流出，涌	A clear mountain stream flowed through the valley.
streamline	a. 流线型的vt. 使成流线型；使合理化	The company decided to streamline its production process.
street	n. 街，街道；行车道	There are many fancy shops on this street.
streetcar	n.有轨电车	In the past, streetcars were a common form of urban transport.
strength	n. 力，力量；实力；长处，优点；人力；兵力	Unity is strength.
strengthen	v. 加强,巩固	The exercises will help to strengthen your muscles.
stress	n. 压力,重压 vt. 着重,强调重点,重视	He was suffering from a lot of stress due to his job.
stretch	vt./vi. 伸长,扩大,拉长;滥用,曲解;n. 伸展;一段持续时间	He decided to stretch his legs and go for a walk.
strict	a. (with)严格的，严厉的；严谨的，精确的	The teacher was very strict with her students.
strictly	ad.严格地，严谨地	The rules must be followed strictly.
stride	v./n. 大踏步走	He took several long strides across the room.
strife	n. 争吵；冲突，斗争；竞争	The region has seen centuries of civil strife and conflict.
strike	n./vi. 罢工vt. 打，击；攻击；给…深刻印象	The workers decided to go on strike for better pay.
striking	a. 引人注目的,显著的	There is a striking resemblance between the two sisters.
string	n. 线,细绳;弦	He used a piece of string to tie the parcel.
strip	vt./vi. 剥去,除去;剥夺财产;n. 狭长一片	He managed to strip the old paint off the wall.
stripe	n. 长条，条纹；军服上表示军阶的臂章条纹	The tiger has many black and orange stripes.
strive	vi. 斗争,努力,奋斗	We must strive to achieve our goals.
stroke	n. 击;划;一笔;中风;击	He suffered a minor stroke last week but is recovering well.
stroll	n./v. 漫步；散步；游荡	We went for a relaxing stroll in the park on Sunday.
stroller	n.散步者	The mother was pushing a blue stroller through the park.
strong	a. 强壮的，强大的；强烈的，浓的	He is a very strong and energetic young man.
strongly	ad.强壮地，强烈地	I strongly disagree with your suggestion.
stronghold	n.堡垒，要塞	The city was once a major military stronghold.
structural	a. 结构的,构造的	The building has several significant structural problems.
structure	n. 结构，构造；建筑物v. 构造，建造	The chemical structure of the substance was verified by tests.
struggle	n./v. 斗争，奋斗，努力	The family struggled to survive on a low income.
stubborn	a. 顽固的;难对付的	He is very stubborn and won't listen to any advice.
student	n. (大中学校的)学生；研究者，学者	She is a hard-working student at the local university.
studio	n. 画室；播音室；(电影)制片厂	He spends most of his time working in his art studio.
study	vt. 学习；研究；细看vi. 读书n. 学习；研究	She is studying physics and mathematics at university.
stuff	n. 原料;材料;素质,本质;东西,物品;vt. 把…装满,塞进	I have a lot of stuff to finish before the weekend.
stuffy	a.不透气的，闷热的	The room was very hot and stuffy, so we opened the window.
stumble	vi. 绊跌,绊倒;结结巴巴说话	He began to stumble as he walked across the rough ground.
stump	n.树桩，残茬,参与部分,残肢 v.僵硬地走,使为难	He sat on an old tree stump to take a rest.
stupid	a. 愚蠢的，迟钝的	Don't be so stupid; think about what you're doing.
stupidity	n.愚蠢	His actions were a testament to his own sheer stupidity.
sturdy	a. 强健的,坚实的	The table was made of strong and sturdy oak wood.
style	n. 风格,文体,式样	She has a very elegant and professional style.
stylist	n.时装设计师	He works as a fashion stylist for a major magazine.
subdivide	vt.把…再分	The large field was subdivided into several smaller plots.
subdue	vt. 使屈服、征服,克制;使柔和,使安静	The army managed to subdue the rebellion within a few days.
subject	n. 主题；学科a. 隶属的；易遭…的(to)v. 使隶属	What is your favorite subject at school?
subjective	a. 主观(上)的，个人的	The decision was based on subjective rather than objective factors.
subjunctive	adj.虚拟的	In English grammar, the subjunctive mood is used for hypothetical situations.
submarine	n. 潜水艇a. 水底的，海底的	The submarine dived deep beneath the surface of the ocean.
submerge	vt. 放于水下;使沉没	The heavy rain caused the fields to be submerged.
submit	v. (使)服从;提交	Please submit your reports by the end of the week.
subordinate	a. 下级的,次要的;从属的;n. 部下, 下级职员;vt. 把…列为下级,使在次要地位	She is one of his subordinate managers.
subordination	n.服从,附属,主从关系	The company culture emphasizes the importance of subordination and discipline.
subscribe	vt./vi. 捐款,捐助;订阅;同意,赞成	I decided to subscribe to a new fashion magazine.
subscription	n.预约，用户，订阅费	The annual subscription for the gym is three hundred dollars.
subsequence	n.后果	The subsequence of events led to a major historical change.
subsequent	a. 接着的,然后的	The discovery led to several subsequent scientific breakthroughs.
subsequently	ad.其后，其次，接着	The company subsequently announced a new plan for expansion.
subsidiary	a. 辅助的,补充的;次要的,附属的; n. 子公司,附属机构	The company has several subsidiary branches overseas.
substance	n. 物质；实质，本质；主旨；财产，资产	The substance was found to be a rare and valuable mineral.
substantial	a. 可观的,大量的;牢固的,结实的;实质的,真实的	The project received a substantial financial grant.
substantiate	vt. 证实,证明	The witness was able to substantiate his story with evidence.
substitute	n. 代替人,代用品;vt. 代替	They used honey as a substitute for sugar in the recipe.
substitution	n.代替	The substitution of the injured player was necessary.
subtle	a. 微妙的,难于捉摸的;诡秘的,狡诈的;隐约的	There is a subtle difference between the two colors.
subtract	vt. 减去;扣除	If you subtract three from five, you get two.
subtraction	n.减法，减去	Children learn basic addition and subtraction at school.
suburb	n. 市郊，郊区	We decided to move to a quiet suburb near the city center.
suburban	adj.郊区的	The city has a very extensive suburban rail network.
subway	n. 地铁；地下行人隧道	The subway is a very efficient way to get around the city.
succeed	vi. 成功；继承，接替vt. 接替；继…之后	He managed to succeed through hard work and dedication.
success	n. 成就，成功；成功的事物，有成就的人	The project was a complete success.
successful	a. 圆满的；顺利的；成功的	She is a very successful and respected professional musician.
successfully	ad.成功地	The company successfully launched its new product.
succession	n. 连续,继续;一连串;继承权	The team won three games in quick succession.
successive	a. 接连的，连续的	The country has seen three successive years of economic growth.
successor	n. 接替的人或事物，继任者	He is seen as the most likely successor to the current CEO.
such	a. 这样的；上述的ad. 那么pron. 这样的人/事物	I've never seen such a beautiful sunset before.
suck	n./v. 吸;舔	The baby was busy sucking his thumb.
sudden	a. 出乎意料的，突然的	There was a sudden change in the weather last night.
suddenly	ad.突然地	The car suddenly stopped in the middle of the street.
suffer	v. (from)受痛苦，患病；受损失；遭受；忍受	Many people suffer from chronic back pain.
suffering	n.苦难	The organization aims to alleviate human suffering.
suffice	vi. 足够, 有能力vt. (食物等)使(某人)满足	A simple 'no' will suffice as an answer.
sufficient	a. 足够的,充分的	We have sufficient food and water for the journey.
sufficiently	ad.足够地，充分地	The issue was not sufficiently discussed at the meeting.
suffix	n.后缀	The word 'unhappy' has the prefix 'un-' and no suffix.
sugar	n. 糖，食糖vt. 加糖于	Do you take sugar in your coffee?
suggest	v. 建议，提出；使联想，使想起…；暗示	I suggest that we should wait for more information.
suggestion	n. 建议，意见；细微的迹象；暗示，联想	Thank you for your very helpful suggestion.
suicide	n. 自杀	The news of his suicide shocked the whole community.
suit	v. 合适，适合；相配，适应n. 一套西服；诉讼	The dark blue suit fits you perfectly.
suitable	a. (for)合适的，适宜的	This movie is not suitable for young children.
suitcase	n. 衣箱	He packed his suitcase and left for the airport.
suite	n. 套间；一套家具；套，组，系列	They booked a luxury suite at the hotel for their holiday.
sullen	a.绷着脸不高兴的	The boy had a sullen expression on his face after being scolded.
sultry	adj.闷热的,性感的	The weather was very hot and sultry all week.
sum	n. 总数，和；金额；算术题；要旨v. 合计，总计	The sum of three and five is eight.
summarize	v. 概括，总结	Can you please summarize the main points of the report?
summary	a. 概括的;即时的;n. 摘要,概要	The book includes a brief summary of the plot at the back.
summer	n. 夏天，夏季a. 夏季的	Summer is my favorite season of the year.
summit	n. 顶点,高峰;峰会(最高级会谈)	The leaders of the two countries met for a historic summit.
summon	vt. 召唤,传唤;鼓起,聚集	He was summoned to appear in court next week.
sun	n. 太阳；恒星	The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
sunburn	v.晒黑	Be careful not to get a nasty sunburn at the beach.
Sunday	n. 星期日	Sunday is a day of rest for many people.
sunflower	n.葵花	The field was full of bright yellow sunflowers.
sunlight	n.日光，阳光	The room was filled with bright morning sunlight.
sunny	a.阳光充足的；快活的	We had a very sunny and warm weekend.
sunrise	n. 日出，拂晓；朝霞	The sunrise over the mountains was truly magnificent.
sunset	n. 日落，傍晚；晚霞	We went for a walk on the beach at sunset.
sunshine	n. 日光，日照；晴天；	I love to sit in the garden and enjoy the sunshine.
super	a. 极好的，超级的	The new movie was absolutely super and I loved it.
superb	a. 壮丽的,头等的	The hotel offers superb service to all its guests.
superficial	a.表面的,表皮的;肤浅的, 一知半解的	His knowledge of the topic was only superficial.
superintendent	n.管理人，负责人,警长	The building superintendent is responsible for maintenance.
superior	a. 优良的，卓越的；上级的n. 上级；长者；高手	The quality of this fabric is superior to the one we bought last year.
superiority	n. 优越(性)，优势，优等；高傲，傲慢	The team's superiority was evident from the very start.
supermarket	n. 超级市场	I need to go to the supermarket to buy some groceries.
supersede	vt. 代替	The new technology will eventually supersede the old one.
supersonic	a. 超音速的，超声波的n. 超声波，超声频	The fighter jet is capable of supersonic flight.
superstition	n. 迷信;迷信行为	Many people still hold several old superstitions.
superstitious	adj.迷信的	He is a very superstitious person who believes in bad luck.
supervise	vt./vi. 监督,管理,指导	She was chosen to supervise the new research project.
supervision	n.监督	The children are under constant supervision at the nursery.
supervisor	n.监考人，监查	The supervisor checked the work carefully before approving it.
supper	n. 晚餐	What are we having for supper tonight?
supplement	n. 补遗；增刊；附录v. 增刊，补充	She decided to supplement her income by working part-time.
supplementary	adj.补充的,额外的	The report includes several supplementary tables and charts.
supplier	n.供应商	The company is a major supplier of electronic components.
supply	v. (with，to)供给，供应，补足n. 供应，供应量	The factory supplies parts to several major car manufacturers.
support	n./vt. 支撑；支持；赡养；维持n. 支持者；支柱	I am very grateful for all your help and support.
supporter	n.支持者	The politician has several prominent supporters in the community.
suppose	v. 料想，猜想；假定conj. 假使…结果会怎样	I suppose that you are right about the decision.
supposing	conj.假使	Supposing it rains, what will we do?
suppress	vt. 镇压;禁止发表;抑制(感情等);阻止…的生长	The government tried to suppress the news of the accident.
suppression	n.镇压，压制	The suppression of the rebellion took several months.
supreme	a. 最高的,最大的;极度的	The Supreme Court made a final ruling on the case.
surcharge	n. 额外费用,过高的要价	There is a small surcharge for payments made by credit card.
sure	a. 肯定的；一定会…的；有信心的，有把握的	I am sure that you will succeed if you work hard.
surely	a.确实；稳当地	Surely you're not going to leave so soon?
surface	n. 表面；外表a. 表面的，肤浅的	The surface of the lake was calm and smooth.
surge	n. 急剧上升;洋溢,奔放;汹涌,奔腾;vi. 浪涛般汹涌 奔腾;猛冲;(浪涛等)汹涌,奔腾;(人群等)蜂拥而出	There was a sudden surge in the number of orders.
surgeon	n. 外科医生	He is a highly skilled heart surgeon.
surgery	n. 外科,外科手术	The patient needs urgent surgery on his knee.
surmise	v. &n.猜想，推测	From the clues found at the scene, we can only surmise what happened.
surname	n. 姓	His surname is Smith and his first name is John.
surpass	vt. 超越;超过,胜过	The company's profits this year have surpassed all expectations.
surplus	n. 余款,盈余,剩余,过剩	The country has a large surplus of agricultural products.
surprise	v. 使诧异，使惊异；奇袭n. 诧异，惊异；奇袭	The news of her engagement came as a total surprise.
surprising	a.惊人的；出人意外的	It was surprising to see him arrive so early.
surrender	v./n. 投降,自首;放弃;屈服	The enemy army was forced to surrender after a long battle.
surround	vt. 包围，环绕n. 环绕物	The garden is surrounded by a tall brick wall.
surroundings	n. 周围的事物，环境	The animals are well adapted to their natural surroundings.
survey	vt./n. 环视,眺望,测量,勘定,检查,调查,概述	The latest survey shows an increase in public support for the project.
surveyor	n.调查人，检验人	The surveyor checked the land before the construction began.
survival	n. 幸存者,残存,幸存	The organization is working to ensure the survival of endangered species.
survive	v. 幸免于，幸存；比…长命	They were lucky to survive the terrible car crash.
survivor	n.幸存者	The rescue workers are still searching for survivors of the earthquake.
suspect	vt. 疑有,觉得,猜想;觉得可疑;n. 嫌疑犯,可疑分子;a. 可疑的	The police suspect that the fire was intentional.
suspend	vt. 吊,悬挂;悬浮;暂停	The company decided to suspend all its operations in the region.
suspense	n. (新闻、决定)不确定,悬而未决	The movie kept the audience in suspense until the very end.
suspicion	n. 怀疑，猜疑；一点儿，少量	His strange behavior aroused a lot of suspicion.
suspicious	a. 可疑的;怀疑的	The police were alerted to several suspicious activities in the area.
sustain	vt. 支撑;支持,维持	The company needs more investment to sustain its growth.
swallow	vt. 吞,咽;轻信,轻易接受;承受,使不流露	She took a deep breath and swallowed her pride.
swamp	n./vt. 沼泽地;使淹没	The heavy rain caused the fields to be turned into a swamp.
swan	n. 天鹅vi. 闲荡，游荡	The swan glided gracefully across the smooth surface of the lake.
swarm	n. (昆虫等)一大群;vi. 成群飞舞;蜂拥而入	A large swarm of bees was seen in the garden.
sway	v./n. 摇摆;统治,支配	The branches of the trees began to sway in the wind.
swear	vt./vi. 郑重地说;强调;发誓	I swear that I am telling the truth.
sweat	n. 汗v. (使)出汗	He was covered in sweat after the long run.
sweater	n. 厚运动衫,毛线衫	I wore a warm woollen sweater on the cold day.
Swede	n.瑞典人	My new colleague is a Swede who recently moved here.
Sweden	n.瑞典	Stockholm is the capital city of Sweden.
Swedish	adj. &n.瑞典人(的)	She is studying Swedish language and culture at university.
sweep	n. 扫,扫除;连绵区域;激流;vt. 扫除;掠过;连绵,延伸	Please sweep the floor after you finish your work.
sweet	a. 甜的；可爱的，美好的n. (常pl. )糖果；甜食	The fruit has a very sweet and pleasant taste.
sweeten	vt.使变甜vi.变甜	Add some honey to sweeten the tea.
sweetheart	n.心肝，宝贝	He bought a beautiful gift for his sweetheart.
sweetness	n.甜蜜；新鲜；温和	The sweetness of the cake was just right.
swell	vt./vi. 使膨胀,使增强,使壮大,使隆起	The river began to swell after the heavy rain.
swift	a. 快的,迅速的,敏捷的	The response to the emergency was swift and efficient.
swim	vi. 游泳；游；漂浮；眩晕；充溢vt. 游过n. 游泳	We went for a swim in the ocean yesterday.
swing	vt./vi. 摆动,摇动;旋转,转向	The children were having fun on the swings in the playground.
Swiss	a.瑞士的 n.瑞士人	Bern is the capital city of the Swiss Confederation.
switch	n. 开关；转换；鞭子v. 转变，转换；抽打	Please flip the switch to turn on the lights.
Switzerland	n.瑞士	Switzerland is famous for its beautiful mountains and chocolates.
sword	n. 剑，刀；武力	In the story, the hero uses a magic sword to defeat the monster.
syllable	n.音节	The word 'computer' has three syllables.
symbol	n. 符号，标志；象征	The dove is a global symbol of peace.
symbolize	v.象征	The white color of the dress symbolizes purity.
symmetric	adj.对称的，匀称的	The design of the building is perfectly symmetric.
symmetry	n. 对称(性)；匀称，整齐	The artist explored the concept of symmetry in her work.
sympathetic	a. 同情的,有同情心的	The teacher was very sympathetic to his personal problems.
sympathize	v. (with)同情；共鸣，同感；赞成	I can certainly sympathize with your situation.
sympathy	n. 同情，同情心；赞同，同感；慰问	She expressed her deep sympathy to the victims of the disaster.
symphony	n. 交响乐，交响曲	Beethoven's Ninth Symphony is a masterpiece of classical music.
symposium	n. 讨论会，专题报告会；专题论文集	We attended a scientific symposium on climate change yesterday.
symptom	n. (疾病的)症状；(不好事情的)征兆，表征	The main symptoms of the flu are fever and a dry cough.
synonym	n. 同义词	In many contexts, 'large' and 'big' are synonyms.
synthesis	n. 综合,合成法,合成物	The research provides a synthesis of several different theories.
synthetic	a. 人工合成的	Nylon is a common type of synthetic fiber.
system	n. 系统，体系；制度；方法，方式，步聚	The solar system consists of the Sun and eight planets.
systematic	a. 有系统的,系统的;有计划有步骤的	The police are carrying out a systematic search of the area.
systematically	ad.系统地，有规则地	The data was systematically recorded and analyzed.
table	n. 桌子；餐桌；工作台；表格vt. 搁置；提交讨论	Please put your books on the table.
tablet	n. 碑,书板;药片	The doctor told him to take one tablet twice a day.
tabulate	vt.把…制成表	The results of the survey were tabulated for easier analysis.
tack	n.平头打vt.钉住	Use some tacks to attach the poster to the wall.
tackle	vt./vi. 处理,对付;抓住	The government needs to tackle the issue of unemployment.
tact	n.机敏，圆滑，得体	The manager showed great tact in dealing with the difficult client.
tactful	adj.机智的，老练的	His tactful reply helped to avoid a major argument.
tactics	n. 策略，战术	The team used several different tactics to win the game.
tag	n. 标签；鞋带；垂饰vt. 加标签于；附加vi. 紧随	Please read the price tag before you buy the item.
tail	n. 尾巴；尾部；跟踪者vt. 尾随，跟踪	The dog was wagging its tail in excitement.
tailor	n. 裁缝v. 缝制，剪裁	The suit was made by a professional tailor.
take	v. 拿取；吃；记录；取得；花费；捕获；认为	Don't forget to take your keys with you.
take-off	n.起飞	The plane made a smooth take-off despite the strong wind.
tale	n. 故事，传说	The old man shared a fascinating tale of hidden treasure.
talent	n. 才能，天资；人才	She is a young singer with an extraordinary musical talent.
talk	n. 谈话；聊天；讲话；演讲v. 说话；交谈	We need to have a long talk about your future career.
talkative	adj.罗嗦的	He is a very talkative person who loves to share stories.
tall	a. (身材)高的，高大的；夸大的，离谱的	He is one of the tallest students in the class.
tally	v.吻合，符合	The final figures don't seem to tally with our records.
tame	a. 驯服了的;(人)顺从的,听话的	The bird was so tame that it would eat out of your hand.
tan	n./a. (皮肤因日晒而成)棕褐色(的)vt. 晒黑	She got a beautiful tan during her summer holiday at the beach.
tangle	n./v. 缠结;混乱(交通)	The fishing line got into a massive tangle.
tank	n. 罐，槽，箱；坦克vt. 储于槽中	The fish tank needs to be cleaned regularly.
tanker	n. 油船	A large oil tanker was docked at the harbor.
tap	n. 龙头;轻拍,轻敲;v. 轻拍,轻敲	I think I left the kitchen tap running.
tape	n. 带(子)；录音带，磁带v. 录音；系，捆	I need some tape to wrap the parcel.
tape-recorder	n.录音机	He used a portable tape-recorder to record the interview.
tape-recording	n.录音	The police analyzed the tape-recording of the conversation.
tar	n. 柏油，焦油vt. 涂或浇柏油/焦油于	The road was freshly covered in black tar.
target	n. 目标，对象，靶子	The company is on track to reach its annual sales target.
tare	n.皮重	The scale was adjusted to account for the tare of the container.
tariff	n. 关税，税率；(旅馆，饭店等)价目表，收费表	The government decided to raise the tariffs on imported goods.
task	n. 任务，作业，工作	The students were given several tasks to finish before the weekend.
taste	v. 品尝；(of)有…味道；体验n. 滋味；味觉	I like the taste of fresh orange juice in the morning.
tasteful	adj.有滋味的，好吃的,雅致的,高雅的	The house was decorated in a very tasteful and elegant manner.
tax	n. 税(款)，负担v. 对…征税，使负重担	The government is planning to introduce a new tax on luxury goods.
taxation	n. 税制,税项	The country has a very complex system of taxation.
taxi	n. 出租汽车v.(使)滑行	We decided to take a taxi to the airport.
tea	n. 茶(叶)；午后茶点	Would you like a cup of hot tea?
teach	vt. 教，讲授；教导(训)vi. 讲课，当教师	She decided to teach English in China for a year.
teacher	n. 教师(员)，老(导)师	The teacher praised the students for their hard work.
teaching	n.教学，讲授；教导	She has a real passion for teaching and education.
teacup	n.茶杯	She placed the teacup back on the saucer.
team	n. 小队，小组v. 协同工作	The whole team worked together to finish the project on time.
teapot	n.茶壶	He poured some tea from the teapot into his mug.
tear	n. 眼泪 vi. 撕裂,撕碎,破坏…安宁	There was a small tear in the corner of his eye.
tease	vt. 取笑,嘲笑;戏弄	The older boys used to tease him about his glasses.
technical	a. 技术(性)的，工艺的；专门性的，专业性的	The job requires a high level of technical knowledge.
technician	n. 技术人员	The computer technician arrived to fix the server.
technique	n. 技术,技能,行家手法	The painter used a very unusual technique in his latest work.
technological	adj.技术的，工艺的	The country is experiencing rapid technological growth.
technology	n. 科学技术；工业技术；应用科学	Modern technology has changed our lives in many ways.
tedious	a. 沉闷的,乏味的	The long journey across the desert was very tedious.
teenager	n. 十几岁的青少年	Most teenagers enjoy listening to pop music and hanging out with friends.
teens	n.十多岁,青少年们	She is in her late teens and will graduate from high school next year.
telefax	n.传真v.发传真	Please send us the signed contract by telefax.
telegram	n. 电报	He received a telegram informing him of the good news.
telegraph	n. 电报机，电报v. 打电报，发电报	In the past, the telegraph was a major means of international communication.
telephone	n. 电话，电话机v. 打电话	The telephone rang loudly in the middle of the night.
telescope	n. 望远镜v. 缩短，压缩	We used a telescope to look at the craters on the moon.
television	n. 电视；电视机	The kids were watching television in the living room.
telex	n. 用户电报,直通专用电传	The message was sent via telex yesterday afternoon.
tell	vt. 告诉，讲述；告诫；吩咐，命令；辨/区别	Please tell me the truth about what happened.
teller	n.出纳	The bank teller helped me with my deposit.
temper	n. 脾气；韧度vt. 调和，使缓和；使回火	He has a very short temper and gets angry easily.
temperature	n. 温度，体温；热度，发烧	The temperature has dropped significantly since last night.
temple	n. 庙宇，神殿，寺；太阳穴	Thousands of people visit the ancient temple every year.
temporary	a. 暂时的,临时的	The new bridge is only a temporary structure.
tempt	v. 诱惑，引诱；吸引，使感兴趣	The smell of fresh coffee tempted me to have another cup.
temptation	n. 引诱,诱惑	He couldn't resist the temptation to eat the last piece of cake.
ten	num. 十pron./a. 十(个，只…)	There are ten players on each team.
tenant	n. 承租人；房客；佃户vt. 租借，承租	The tenants of the apartment complained about the lack of heating.
tend	v. 趋向，往往是；照料，看护	I tend to wake up early in the morning.
tendency	n. 趋向,趋势	There is a growing tendency towards working from home.
tender	a. 脆弱的,娇嫩的;温柔的;vt. 提供,投标	The steak was tender and juicy.
tennis	n. 网球	She has been playing tennis since she was a little girl.
tenor	n.(支票)限期,男高音歌唱家,进程,大意	He is a world-famous professional tenor.
tense	n. 时态v. 拉紧，(使)紧张a. 绷紧的，紧张的	The atmosphere at the meeting was very tense.
tension	n. 紧张局势;情绪紧张;不安状态	The tension between the two countries has increased lately.
tent	n. 帐篷	We spent the weekend sleeping in a tent in the mountains.
tentative	a. 试验性的;暂时的	They made a tentative agreement to meet again next week.
tenth	num.第十；十分之一	This is the tenth time I've tried to call him today.
term	n. 期,学期,条件	The new school term begins next month.
terminable	adj.可终止的	The lease is terminable by either party with three months' notice.
terminal	a. 晚期的,末期的;学期的;末端的,终点的 n. 终点站;航空枢扭	The patient has been diagnosed with a terminal illness.
terminate	vt./vi. 终止,结束	The company decided to terminate the contract earlier than planned.
termination	n.终止，结束	The termination of the project was due to a lack of funding.
terminology	n.术语学，术语	The manual uses a lot of technical terminology.
terrace	n. 斜坡地,梯田;看台,大阶梯	We sat on the terrace and enjoyed the view of the city.
terrible	a. 很糟的；可怕的，骇人的；极度的，厉害的	The weather was absolutely terrible all week.
terribly	adv.可怕地，极	I'm terribly sorry for being so late.
terrific	a. 可怕的;非常的	The new movie was absolutely terrific and I loved it.
terrify	v. 使害怕，使惊恐	The news of the disaster served to terrify the whole world.
territory	n. 领土；版图；领域，范围	The army moved forward to capture the enemy's territory.
terror	n. 恐怖；可怕的人(事)	The news of the attack caused a lot of terror in the city.
terrorism	n.恐怖主义	The international community is working together to fight against terrorism.
terrorist	n.恐怖分子	Several suspected terrorists were arrested by the police yesterday.
test	n./vt. 试验；检验；测验	The students have a math test tomorrow morning.
testify	v. 作证，证明；(to)表明，说明	The witness was called to testify in court.
testimony	n. 证据，证词；表明，说明	The judge listened to the testimony of all the witnesses.
text	n. 正文，文本；原文；教科书	Please read the text carefully and answer the questions.
textbook	n. 课本，教科书	This is the standard textbook used for the course.
textile	n. 纺织品a. 纺织的	The city has been a major center for the textile industry for centuries.
textual	adj.课文的，正文的	The study provides a detailed textual analysis of the poem.
than	conj. (用于形容词，副词的比较级之后)比	John is taller than his older brother.
thank	vt. 感谢int.谢谢n.感谢(意)	I would like to thank you for all your help and support.
thankful	adj.感谢的，欣慰的	I am very thankful for the opportunity to work here.
thanks	n.感谢 int.谢谢	Thanks for your help with the heavy bags.
Thanksgiving Day	n.感恩节	Thanksgiving Day is a major national holiday in the US.
that	a./ pron.那，那个； ad.那样，那么	What is that strange sound coming from the basement?
the	art. 这(那)个；这(那)些(指特定的人或物)	The sun is shining brightly today.
the theatre	n.戏院；戏剧；教室	We went to the theatre to see a performance of a famous play.
theatrical	adj.戏剧的	He gave a very theatrical and dramatic performance.
theft	n. 偷盗	The police are investigating a major jewelry theft.
their	pron.他(她、它)们的	The children were playing with their new toys.
them	pron. 他们/她们/它们(they的宾格形式)	I haven't seen them since last week.
theme	n. 题目,主题	The theme of the conference is 'Innovation for the Future'.
themselves	pron. 他(她、它)们自己；他(她、它)们亲自	They decided to fix the broken fence themselves.
then	ad. 当时，在那时；然后，于是；那么，因而	If you're not ready, then we'll wait for you.
theoretical	a. 理论(上)的	The research is based on a complex theoretical model.
theory	n. 理论，原理；学说，见解，看法	Einstein's theory of relativity changed our understanding of the universe.
there	ad. 在那儿；往那儿；[作引导词表示"存在"	There is a beautiful small park near our house.
thereafter	ad. 此后，以后	The company's profits increased significantly thereafter.
thereby	ad. 借以,从而	He studied hard and thereby managed to pass the exam.
therefore	ad. 因此，所以conj. 因此	He worked hard; therefore, he received a promotion.
therefrom	adv.由此	The findings of the report and the conclusions drawn therefrom are clear.
therein	ad.在那里，在那时	The document specifies the rules and the penalties for breaking them therein.
thereof	ad.它的，其；由此	The company announced its decision and the reasons thereof.
thereon	adv.关于那	The judge made a ruling and based his decision thereon.
therewith	adv.对此	The new regulations were published, and several concerns were raised therewith.
thermometer	n. 温度计	The thermometer showed that the temperature was 38 degrees Celsius.
these	pron./a.这些；这些人(东西)	These shoes are very comfortable and durable.
thesis	n. (学位)论文	She is currently writing her doctoral thesis on modern history.
they	商店。(一般人经常用复数they来指一家商店)	They sell a wide variety of fresh vegetables at that market.
thick	a. 厚的，粗的，稠的，浓的ad. 厚，浓，密	The fog was so thick that we couldn't see anything.
thicken	vt.使变厚(或粗、密)	Add some flour to thicken the sauce.
thickness	n.厚(度)；密(度)	The thickness of the ice on the lake was two inches.
thief	n. 贼；小偷	The masked thief ran away with her bag.
thigh	n. 大腿,股	He was injured in his right thigh during the football game.
thin	a. 薄的，细的；稀薄的，淡的；瘦的v. 变薄；变稀	The thin layer of ice on the pond broke under his weight.
thing	n. 物，东西；事，事情；所有物；局面，情况	What is that strange thing over there?
think	v. 想，思索；认为，以为；想要；料想，预料	I think that we should wait for more information.
thinking	n.思想	His way of thinking is quite different from mine.
thinker	n.思想家	Socrates was a famous ancient Greek philosopher and thinker.
third	num. 第三(个)，三分之一(的)	This is the third time I've tried to call him today.
thirst	vi./n. 渴;渴望	He had a deep thirst for knowledge and adventure.
thirsty	a. 口渴的；(for)渴望的，热望的	I'm very thirsty; can I have a glass of water, please?
thirteen	num./a. 十三pron. 十三(个，只…)	She celebrated her thirteenth birthday last week.
thirty	num. 三十，三十个(人或物)	There are thirty days in the month of September.
this	pron. 这(个)a. 这(个)；今ad. 这(样)	This is my favorite book.
thorn	n. 刺，荆棘	He got a small prick on his arm from a thorn.
thorough	a. 彻底的,详尽的	The police are conducting a thorough search of the area.
thoroughly	adv.充分地，彻底地	Please read the instructions thoroughly before using the machine.
those	pron./a.那些；那些人(东西)	Those shoes are very comfortable and durable.
though	ad. 可是，然而，不过conj. 尽管，虽然	Though it was raining, they decided to go for a walk.
thought	n. 思想，思考，思维；意图，打算；想法	What are your thoughts on the new proposal?
thoughtful	a. 深思的;关心的,周到的	Thank you for the thoughtful gift; I really appreciate it.
thoughtless	a.欠考虑的；自私的	It was a very thoughtless thing to say to her.
thousand	num./n./a. 一千；[pl.	There were several thousand people at the concert.
thrash	vt.痛打，鞭打vi.打	The champion managed to thrash his opponent in the final.
thread	n. 线，细丝；线索，思路；螺纹v. 穿线，穿过	She used a needle and thread to sew the button back on.
threat	n. 恐吓，威胁；坏兆头，危险迹象	Air pollution poses a serious threat to public health.
threaten	v. 恐吓，威胁；有…危险，快要来临	The storm threatens to ruin our plans for a picnic.
three	num. 三pron./a. 三(个，只…)	I have three sisters and one brother.
threshold	n. 门槛;开始;开端,入门	The company is on the threshold of a new era.
thrift	a. 节约，节俭	The family practiced thrift and managed to save enough for a new car.
thrifty	a.节俭的；兴旺的	She is a very thrifty person who always looks for the best bargains.
thrill	n./v. 激动;震颤	It was a real thrill to see the famous professional musician perform live.
thriller	n.惊险小说，电影	The movie is a gripping psychological thriller.
thrive	vi. 繁荣,兴旺	The business continues to thrive despite the economic crisis.
throat	n. 咽喉,嗓子	He had a sore throat and needed some medicine.
throne	n. 御座，宝座；王位，王权	The king sat on his magnificent golden throne.
throng	n. 人群,群众;vt. 群集,拥挤	A throng of people gathered in the square to hear the speech.
through	prep./ad. 穿过；自始至终；由，以a. 直达的	We walked through the park on our way home.
throughout	prep. 遍及	The project was successful throughout the entire country.
throw	vt. 扔；使突然陷入；使困惑n. 投掷(距离)	He managed to throw the ball across the entire field.
thrust	n. 猛推;冲锋,突击;推力	He gave the heavy door a sharp thrust to open it.
thumb	n. 大拇指	He gave a thumbs-up sign to show his agreement.
thumbtack	n.按钉，图钉	Use some thumbtacks to attach the notice to the board.
thunder	n. 雷,雷声,轰隆声	We could hear the sound of distant thunder.
thunderstorm	n.雷雨	The game was cancelled because of a severe thunderstorm.
Thursday	n. 星期四	The meeting is scheduled for next Thursday afternoon.
thus	ad. 如此；像这样；于是；因此	He studied hard and thus managed to pass the exam.
tick	n. (钟表)滴答声,一刹那 v. 用勾作为记号	The clock continued to tick loudly in the quiet room.
ticket	n. 票，入场券；票签；(交通违章)罚款传票	I bought two tickets for the concert next month.
tickle	vt.挠，胳肢；逗乐	The little girl began to giggle when I tickled her feet.
tide	n. 潮汐;(舆论,公众情绪)潮流趋势	The tide is currently coming in.
tidy	a. 整洁的,有条理的	Please keep your room tidy and organized.
tie	n. 领带；联系，关系，纽带；束缚v. 扎，系，捆	He wore a smart dark blue tie to the meeting.
tie-up	n.扎好的东西,牛棚,协作,联合,关联,关系	The two companies announced a strategic tie-up.
tiger	n．虎；老虎	The tiger is a powerful and magnificent predator.
tight	a. 紧的；紧身的，装紧的；密封的ad. 紧紧地	The screw is loose and needs to be tightened.
tighten	vt./vi. (使)变紧,(使)绷紧,扣紧	We need to tighten our security measures.
tightly	ad.紧地，牢固地	She held the small child tightly in her arms.
tigress	n.母虎	The tigress was hunting for food for her young cubs.
tile	n. 瓦片，瓷砖vt. 铺瓦于，贴砖于	The bathroom floor is covered in beautiful white tiles.
till	prep. 直到，直到…为止，与until意思相同	We'll wait here till the rain stops.
tilt	vt./vi. (使)倾斜;n. 倾斜,斜坡	He had to tilt his head to see the top of the skyscraper.
timber	n. 木材，木料	The company sells high-quality timber for construction.
time	n. 时间，时刻；次，回；时代，时期；倍，乘	What time does the meeting start?
timely	a. 及时的,适时的	Thank you for your timely and helpful suggestion.
timetable	n.时间表，时刻表	Please check the train timetable before you leave.
timid	a. 胆怯的，怯懦的	He is a very timid child who finds it hard to talk to strangers.
tin	n. 罐头；锡a. 锡制的vt. 镀锡于	I bought a tin of tomato soup for lunch.
tiny	a. 极小的，微小的	The bird has tiny little feet.
tip	n. 尖端；末端；小费n./v. 轻击；倾斜；给小费	The tip of the pencil broke as I was writing.
tiptoe	v.用脚尖走	We decided to tiptoe across the room so as not to wake the baby.
tire	v. (使)疲倦，(使)厌倦n. (=tyre)轮胎，车胎	The long hike really tired me out.
tired	a. 疲劳的；厌倦的	I'm so tired that I could sleep for a week.
tiresome	a. 使人厌倦的，讨厌的	The long meeting was very tiresome and boring.
tissue	n. 生理组织;薄纸,棉纸;织物;一套,一连串	Please use a tissue if you need to sneeze.
title	n. 标题,题目,称号,法律权利,所有权	What is the title of the new movie?
to	prep. (表示方向)到；向；(表示间接关系)给.	We are going to the beach tomorrow.
toad	n.蟾蜍，癞蛤蟆	We saw a small green toad hopping across the garden path.
toast	n. 烤面包,烤火;vt. 为…祝酒,敬酒	I like to have hot buttered toast for breakfast.
tobacco	n. 烟草，烟叶	The trade in tobacco is a major source of revenue for the country.
today	ad. 在今天；现今，在当代n. 今天；现在	What is the date today?
toe	n. 脚趾，足尖	He accidentally stubbed his toe on the corner of the table.
together	ad. 共同，一起；合起来，集拢地	The whole family gathered together for Christmas dinner.
toil	vi. 辛劳工作,艰难地行动;n. 苦工,难事	The workers had to toil in the fields for over ten hours a day.
toilet	n. 厕所，盥洗室	The toilets are located at the end of the hall.
token	n. 代价券,礼券;(用作某种特殊用途的替代货币的)筹码;信物,标志,纪念品;象征性的	The gift was a token of my gratitude for all your help.
tolerable	a. 可忍受的,可容许的,尚好的	The noise from the street was just about tolerable.
tolerance	n. 容忍,宽恕;忍耐力	The organization is dedicated to promoting racial tolerance.
tolerant	a. 容忍的，宽容的；有耐药力的	The school has a very tolerant and open-minded environment.
tolerate	vt. 容忍，默许；对(药物、毒品等)有耐力	I cannot tolerate such rude and offensive behavior.
toll	n. (道路、桥梁等的)通行税;损坏,死伤人数;钟声;v. (缓慢而有规律地)鸣(钟), 敲(钟)	The long drought took a heavy toll on the local crops.
tomato	n. 西红柿	I bought some fresh and juicy tomatoes at the market.
tomb	n. 坟，冢	The ancient tomb was discovered deep beneath the sand.
tombstone	n.墓碑	The names of the fallen soldiers were carved on the tombstone.
tomorrow	n. 明天；来日，未来ad. 在明天，在明日	What are your plans for tomorrow?
ton	n. 吨；(pl.)大量，许多	The project will require over one hundred tons of steel.
tone	n. 音调，音色；风气，气氛；腔调，语气；色调	He spoke in a very calm and professional tone.
tongue	n. 舌头;语言;舌状物(火舌)	English is his mother tongue.
tonight	ad. 在今晚；在今夜n. 今晚，今夜	Would you like to go to the cinema tonight?
tonnage	n.吨位，吨数	The total tonnage of the cargo ship was over fifty thousand tons.
tonne	n.公吨	The truck can carry a maximum load of ten tonnes.
too	ad. 也，还；太，过于；很，非常	It is far too cold to go outside today.
tool	n. 工具，用具；方法，手段	He used a variety of tools to fix the broken chair.
tooth	n. 牙齿；齿状物	She has a beautiful smile with perfectly straight white teeth.
toothache	n.牙疼	I have a terrible toothache and need to see a dentist.
toothbrush	n.牙刷	Don't forget to pack your toothbrush for the trip.
toothpaste	n.牙膏	I like to use a toothpaste with a fresh minty flavor.
top	n. 顶，顶端；首位；顶点a. 最高的；顶上的	We finally reached the top of the mountain at sunset.
topic	n. 话题，主题，题目	The main topic of the discussion was climate change.
torch	n. 手电筒,火把	He used a torch to find his way through the dark forest.
torment	n. 剧烈痛苦;折磨,烦扰;v. 折磨;纠缠	She was in a state of mental torment after the news.
torpedo	n.鱼雷，水雷	The submarine launched a torpedo at the enemy ship.
torrent	n. 激流,洪流,湍流	The heavy rain turned the small stream into a raging torrent.
tortoise	n.龟，乌龟	The tortoise moved slowly across the garden path.
torture	vt./n. 拷打,折磨,使受剧烈痛苦	The prisoners were subjected to severe physical torture.
toss	v./n. 扔,掷;摇摆	She decided to toss a coin to make the decision.
total	n. 总数，合计a. 总的，全部的v. 合计，总数达	The total cost of the repairs was five hundred dollars.
totally	adv.统统，完全地	I totally agree with your suggestion.
touch	v. 触，碰，摸；感动；涉及n. 触动，碰到；少许	Please do not touch the ancient artifacts in the museum.
tough	a. 坚韧的;咬不动的;强壮的,坚强的,棘手的;粗暴的,固执的	The steak was a bit tough and hard to chew.
tour	n. 旅游，旅行；巡回演出/比赛v. 旅游	We went on a guided tour of the historical city center.
tourism	n. 旅游事业	Tourism is a major source of income for the local community.
tourist	n. 旅游者，观光客；巡回比赛的运动员	The city is crowded with tourists during the summer holidays.
tow	vt. (用绳、链等)拖(车、船等)n. 拖，牵引	The broken car had to be towed to the nearest garage.
toward	prep.向，对于，将近,接近 a.即将到来的,进行中的	The sun is moving towards the western horizon.
towel	n. 毛巾,手巾	I used a soft towel to dry my hair after the shower.
tower	n. 塔v. 高耸	The Eiffel Tower is a famous landmark in Paris.
town	n. 市镇；市民；城市商业区，闹市区	We decided to walk to the town center for lunch.
toy	n. 玩具vi. (with)漫不经心地考虑；摆弄	The children were playing with their new toys in the garden.
trace	n. 痕迹，踪迹；极少量v. 描绘；跟踪，追踪	The police found traces of fingerprints on the window.
track	n./v. 行踪;踪迹;跟踪;n. 路径	The train left the track during the accident.
tractor	n. 拖拉机，牵引车	The farmer was using a tractor to plough the field.
trade	n. 贸易，商业；职业，行业v. 经商，交易	International trade is essential for global economic growth.
trader	n.商人；商船	He is a successful trader in the local stock market.
trademark	n. 商标；特征vt. 注册的…商标	The logo is a registered trademark of the company.
tradesman	n.商人；手艺人	The local tradesman provided a high-quality repair service.
tradition	n. 传统，惯例，传说	The village has a long and successful tradition of folk dancing.
traditional	a.传统的，惯例的	They celebrated the wedding in a very traditional manner.
traffic	n. 交通，交通量	The traffic was very heavy this morning because of the rain.
tragedy	n. 悲剧；惨事，灾难	The sudden death of the young girl was a great tragedy.
tragic	a. 悲剧的，悲惨的	The movie tells a tragic story of lost love.
trail	n. 痕迹,足迹,小径;v. 拖,拉,蔓延	We followed a narrow trail through the deep forest.
train	n. 列车；行列，系列，一串v. 训练，培养	We took the morning train to the city center.
trainee	n.受训练者	The company is looking for new trainees for its sales department.
trainer	n.教练	The athletic trainer helped the team prepare for the final.
training	n. 训练，培养	All staff members must undergo a regular training program.
traitor	n. 叛徒,卖国贼	He was seen as a traitor to his own country.
tram	n. 有轨电车	In the past, trams were a common form of urban transport.
tramp	v. 徒步远行;长途跋涉	The hikers had to tramp through several miles of thick mud.
trample	v. 踩,践踏;蔑视,粗暴对待	Be careful not to trample on the delicate flowers.
tranquil	a.平静的；稳定的	The lake was calm and tranquil at dawn.
transact	v.交易	The company uses an online platform to transact its business.
transaction	n. 办理,处理,执行;事务,事项,交易;议事录,会议简报	The entire transaction took only a few minutes to complete.
transfer	n. 转移,传递;转让证书等;vt. 转让;转业;调任	He decided to transfer his savings to a new bank account.
transferable	adj.可转让的	The ticket is non-transferable and can only be used by the buyer.
transform	vt. 改变(形状性质等)	The new technology will transform the way we communicate.
transformation	n.变化；改造；转变	The city has undergone a major transformation in recent years.
transformer	n.变压器，转换器	The device uses a transformer to adjust the voltage.
transistor	n. 晶体管	The invention of the transistor changed the field of electronics forever.
transit	n. 运输,搬运	The goods were damaged while they were in transit.
transition	n. 转变，变迁，过渡(时期)	The country is currently in a state of political transition.
translate	v. 翻译，解释；转化，	Can you please translate this document into English?
translation	n. 翻译；译文，译本	The novel has been published in several different translations.
translator	n.译音	He works as a professional translator for an international organization.
transmission	n. 传递,播送电视节目,汽车传动系统	The transmission of the virus can be prevented by regular hand washing.
transmit	vt. 传输/导；转送；发射vi. 发射信号；发报	The radio station transmits its signal across the entire region.
transparent	a. 透明的,明显的	The water in the pool was clear and transparent.
transplant	n./v. 移植,移种;人工 移植(心,胃);迁移	The patient needs an urgent heart transplant.
transport	n. 运输 vt. 运输	Public transport in the city is very efficient and reliable.
transportation	n.运输，运送，客运	The government is investing in new transportation infrastructure.
transship	v.转运，转船	The cargo had to be transshipped to a smaller vessel for delivery.
transshipment	n.转运	The port is a major center for the transshipment of international goods.
transverse	a.横切的n.横轴	The study uses a transverse section of the plant's stem.
trap	n. 陷阱;圈套;双轮轻便马车	The thief was caught in a clever police trap.
traverse	vt. 横越,穿过	The explorers managed to traverse the vast green prairie.
travel	n. 旅行v. 旅行；行进，传播	I love to travel to new and exciting places.
traveler	n.旅行者	The city center is crowded with travelers from all over the world.
tray	n. 盘，碟，托盘	The waiter carried a large tray of drinks to the table.
tread	vi.&vt.踩，踏，践踏	Please tread carefully on the wet and slippery floor.
treason	n. 谋反，通敌，叛国	He was charged with high treason against his own country.
treasure	n. 财宝，财富；珍品v. 珍爱，珍惜	The museum has a collection of rare and valuable treasures.
treasurer	n.司库，财务主管	The treasurer presented the financial report to the committee.
treat	v. 对待；治疗；论述；款待，请客n. 款待，请客	It's important to treat everyone with respect and kindness.
treatment	n.待遇；治疗，疗法	The patient is making a steady recovery after the treatment.
treaty	n. 条约，协议，协商	The two countries signed a historic peace treaty yesterday.
tree	n. 树，树状物vi. 爬上树	A large oak tree stood in the middle of the yard.
tremble	vi./n. 发抖,震颤	She began to tremble with fear as the stranger approached.
tremendous	a. 极大的,巨大的;非常的,极好的	The company made a tremendous profit this year.
trench	n./v. (挖)沟，(挖)战壕	The soldiers spent several weeks living in the trenches.
trend	n. 倾向,趋势	There is a growing trend towards healthy and organic food.
trial	n. 试验,试用;审讯,受审	The clinical trial showed that the new drug is very effective.
triangle	n. 三角,三角形,三角关系	The table has a simple triangular shape.
triangular	a.三角的；三者间的	The design of the building features several triangular motifs.
tribe	n. 种族，部落；(植物，动物)族，类	The tribe has lived in this region for over five centuries.
tribute	n. 贡品；颂词，称赞，(表示敬意的)礼物	The ceremony was held as a tribute to the great leader.
trick	n. 诡计,恶作剧,技艺	The magician performed several amazing tricks during the show.
trickle	v./n. (使)滴流,(使)细流	A small trickle of water came from the leaking tap.
tricky	adj.巧妙的，狡猾的	This is a very tricky and complex problem to solve.
trifle	n. 琐事,小事,无价值的东西;vi. (with)嘲笑,轻视	Don't waste your time on such trifles; focus on the main task.
trigger	n. (枪)扳机;引起反应的行动;vt. 触发,引起	The sudden noise triggered a massive panic in the crowd.
trim	a. 整洁的,整齐的	The gardener spent the afternoon trimming the hedges.
trip	n. 旅行，远足v. 绊倒；失足；犯错	We are planning a trip to France for our summer holiday.
triple	n. 三倍数a. 三倍的；三部分构成的v. 使成三倍	The company's profits have tripled over the past five years.
triplicate	n.一式三份	Please provide the signed document in triplicate.
triumph	n. 凯旋,成功	The historic victory was seen as a great national triumph.
triumphant	a.得胜的；得意洋洋的	The triumphant team was greeted by thousands of fans.
trivial	a. 不重要的,琐屑的;平常的,平凡的	The difference between the two results was only trivial.
trolley	n. 手推车；(英)无轨电车，(美)有轨电车	Please put the items in the shopping trolley.
troop	n. (pl.)部队，军队；(一)群/队v. 群集，集合	The army sent several troops to the border.
tropic	n. 回归线	The city is located in the tropics and has a warm climate.
tropical	a. 热带的	The island is home to several rare species of tropical birds.
trot	vi.&n.(马)小跑，慢跑	The horse began to trot slowly across the field.
trouble	n. 烦恼；动乱；疾病；故障；辛苦v. (使)烦恼	Don't hesitate to call me if you have any trouble.
troublesome	a. 令人烦恼的，讨厌的	The small noise from the engine was very troublesome.
trousers	n. 裤子	He wore a smart pair of grey trousers to the meeting.
truck	n. 卡车，载重汽车	A large truck was parked in front of the warehouse.
TRUE	a. 真实，不假的；忠实，可靠的；正确无误的	Is it true that you are leaving the company?
truly	ad.真正地；忠实地	I am truly sorry for the mistake I made.
trumpet	n. 喇叭,喇叭声	He has been playing the trumpet since he was ten.
trunk	n. 树干,(人)躯干,大衣箱	The elephant used its trunk to pick up the fruit.
trust	vt. 信任；盼望；委托n. (in)信任，依赖；委托	You can trust him to do a good job.
truth	n. 真实，真相；真实性；真理	Tell me the whole truth about what happened.
truthful	adj.诚实的，真正的	She gave a very truthful and honest account of the events.
try	v. 尝试，试图；试验，试用；审讯n. 尝试	I decided to try the new restaurant for lunch today.
tub	n. 木盆，澡盆	The kids were having fun playing in the large plastic tub.
tube	n. 管，软管；电子管，显像管；地铁	The map of the London tube system is very clear.
tuberculosis	n.结核病，肺结核	The hospital specializes in the treatment of tuberculosis.
tuck	n. 缝褶 v. 打褶裥	She tucked the blanket around the sleeping baby.
Tuesday	n. 星期二	The meeting is scheduled for next Tuesday morning.
tug	vt./vi. 用力拉,猛拉,拖拉	The little girl began to tug on her mother's sleeve.
tuition	n. 教学,学费	The annual tuition fees at the university are quite high.
tulip	n.郁金香	The garden is full of beautiful yellow and red tulips.
tumble	vi. 跌倒,摔下,滚下;翻滚;不由自主地卷入;(价格等)暴跌;n. 跌倒,摔倒	The child took a sudden tumble and scraped his knee.
tumult	n.骚动，暴动，吵闹	The announcement was met with a massive tumult in the crowd.
tuna	n.金枪鱼	I ordered a tuna salad for lunch.
tune	n. 曲调,旋律,协调,调动	I can't seem to get that catchy tune out of my head.
tunnel	n. 隧道,地道	The train passed through a long dark tunnel in the mountains.
turbine	n. 汽轮机，涡轮机	The new wind farm uses several powerful turbines to generate electricity.
turbulent	a. 狂暴的,骚乱的;汹涌的	The country has a long and turbulent political history.
Turk	n.土耳其人	My new colleague is a Turk who recently moved here.
turkey	n. 火鸡(肉)	We had a delicious roasted turkey for Christmas dinner.
turn	v./n. (使)转动；(使)旋转；(使)转变n. 机会	Please turn the handle and open the door.
turning	n.旋转；变向；转弯处	Turn left at the next turning after the traffic lights.
turnip	n.萝卜，芜菁	I like to add some chopped turnip to my vegetable stew.
turnover	n. 营业额,营业收入;人员调整,人员更替率	The company has an annual turnover of over ten million dollars.
turtle	n.海龟，玳瑁；甲鱼肉	We saw several large sea turtles while diving.
tutor	n. 导师；家庭教师v. 辅导；当导师；当家庭教师	She works as a private tutor teaching math and science.
twelfth	num.第十二	She celebrated her twelfth birthday last week.
twelve	num. 十二pron./a. 十二(个，只…)	There are twelve months in a year.
twentieth	num.第二十	The project is expected to be finished by the end of the twentieth century.
twenty	num. 二十pron./a. 二十(个，只…)	There were over twenty people at the party.
twice	ad. 两次，两倍	He checked the figures twice to make sure they were correct.
twig	n.细枝	A small bird was sitting on a thin twig.
twilight	n. 曙光,黎明,黄昏	The sky was a beautiful shade of pink and orange at twilight.
twin	a. 双的，成对的，孪生的n. 孪生子，双生子	The two sisters are identical twins.
twinkle	vi. 闪烁,闪耀;闪闪发光	The stars began to twinkle in the night sky.
twist	vt. 捻,搓;扭转;盘旋;n. 搓,扭拧;怪癖	He accidentally twisted his ankle while playing soccer.
two	num. 二，两个n. 两个(人或物)	I have two sisters and one brother.
type	n. 型式，类型；印刷字体；活/铅字v. 打字	What type of music do you like to listen to?
typewriter	n. 打字机	In the past, typewriters were a common fixture in every office.
typhoon	n. 台风,强热带风暴	The city was devastated by a powerful typhoon last year.
typical	a. 典型的	It was a typical summer day, hot and sunny.
typist	n. 打字员	The company is looking for an experienced typist.
tyranny	n.暴政，专制；残暴	The people fought bravely to end the tyranny of the dictator.
tyrant	n.暴君；专制君主	The country was ruled by a ruthless tyrant for decades.
tyre	n. 轮胎	I need to get a new set of tyres for my car.
ugly	a. 丑陋的,险恶的	The building is considered by many to be quite ugly.
ulcer	n.溃疡	He was suffering from a painful stomach ulcer.
ultimate	a. 最后的，最终的；根本的	Our ultimate goal is to provide high-quality service to everyone.
ultimately	ad.最终，最后	The decision will ultimately depend on the cost.
ultimo	adj.上月的	The payment is due on the 15th ultimo.
ultrasonic	a.超声的n.超声波	The device uses ultrasonic waves to clean the instruments.
ultraviolet	a. 紫外线的	Always wear sunscreen to protect your skin from ultraviolet rays.
umbrella	n. 伞	Don't forget to take your umbrella; it's starting to rain.
unable	a.不能的，不会的	He was unable to finish the project on time.
unacceptable	adj.不能接受的	His behavior at the meeting was considered highly unacceptable.
unaccommodating	adj.不肯通融的	The staff were quite unaccommodating and refused to help.
unaffordable	adj.买不起的	Living in the city center has become unaffordable for many people.
unanimous	a. 一致同意的,全体一致的	The committee reached a unanimous decision on the matter.
unavoidable	adj.不可避免的	There will be some unavoidable delays because of the bad weather.
unbearable	a.难堪的，忍受不了的	The heat in the room was absolutely unbearable.
uncertain	a.无常的；不确定的	The future of the company remains uncertain.
uncertainty	n.不定，易变	There is a lot of uncertainty about the new economic policy.
uncle	n. 伯父，叔父，舅父，姑父，姨父	Her uncle works as a professional heart surgeon.
uncomfortable	a.不舒服的；不自在的	The shoes were very uncomfortable and gave her blisters.
uncommon	adj.罕见的，不常见的	It is not uncommon for it to rain in the middle of summer here.
unconditionally	adv.无条件地	She loves her children unconditionally.
unconscious	a. 不醒人事的;没有意识的	The patient remained unconscious for several hours after the accident.
uncover	v. 揭开，揭露	The police managed to uncover a major corruption scandal.
under	prep. 在…下面在…以下ad. 在下面；少于	The cat was sleeping under the table.
underestimate	vt. 低估	Don't underestimate the importance of regular exercise.
undergo	vt. 经历,遭受	The company is undergoing a major reorganization.
undergraduate	n. 大学生，大学肆业生	She is currently an undergraduate student studying physics.
underground	n. 地铁a. 地下的；秘密的ad. 在地下	The miners worked deep underground.
underline	vt. 划线于…之下;强调	The teacher underlined the main points of the lecture on the board.
underlying	a. 含蓄的,潜在的;在下面的	The underlying cause of the problem is a lack of investment.
undermentioned	adj.下述的	Please find the details of the project in the undermentioned report.
undermine	vt. (暗中)破坏;(逐渐)削弱	The constant criticism began to undermine her confidence.
underneath	prep./ad. 在…下面,在…底下	I found my keys underneath the sofa.
undersigned	adj.在下面签名的	The undersigned parties agree to follow the terms of the contract.
understand	v. 懂，理解；获悉，听说；揣测，认为	I'm sorry, I don't understand your question.
understanding	n. 理解，理解力；谅解a. 了解的，通情达理的	We reached a final understanding on the matter yesterday.
undertake	vt. 承担;同意,答应	The company decided to undertake a new research project.
undertaking	n.任务，事业；许诺	Space exploration is a massive and complex undertaking.
underwear	n.衫衣，内衣，贴身衣	I need to buy some new sets of cotton underwear.
underwriter	n.保险商，承购人	The bank acted as the underwriter for the new bond issue.
undo	vt. 解开,拨开;败坏(名声,成果)	Can you help me undo this tight knot?
undoubtedly	ad. 无疑地,必是地	She is undoubtedly the best person for the job.
undue	a. 过分的,过度的	The decision was made under undue pressure.
unduly	adv.过分地，不适当地	Don't be unduly worried about the test results.
uneasy	a. 不自在的	He felt a bit uneasy about the situation.
unemloyment	n.失业	The government is trying to find new ways to reduce unemployment.
unexpected	a. 想不到的，意外的，未预料到	The news of his resignation was completely unexpected.
unfair	a.不公平的，不公正的	The decision was criticized for being biased and unfair.
unfit	a.不合适的；无能力的	He was declared unfit for military service.
unfold	vt./vi. 展开,打开	The story began to unfold as the movie went on.
unfortunate	a.不幸的；可取的	It was an unfortunate series of events that led to the accident.
unfortunately	ad. 不幸地	Unfortunately, we are unable to accept your proposal.
unhappy	a.不幸福的，不快乐的	She was very unhappy with the decision.
uniform	n. 制服，军服a. 相同的，一律的	The students are required to wear a school uniform.
uniformly	ad.相同地；一贯	The new rules will be applied uniformly to all employees.
uninterested	adj.不感兴趣的	He seemed completely uninterested in what I was saying.
union	n. 联合，团结；联盟，联邦；协会，社团；和谐	The trade union is fighting for better working conditions.
unique	a. 惟一的,独一无二的	Each person has a unique set of fingerprints.
unit	n. 单位，单元；部件，元件；机组，装置	The meter is a standard unit of measurement.
unite	vi. 联合，团结；统一，合并vt. 使联合	The two countries decided to unite to fight against the common enemy.
united	adj.联合的	They presented a united front against the new policy.
united kingdom	n.英国，联合王国	The United Kingdom consists of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
united nations	n.联合国	The United Nations was founded in 1945 to promote international cooperation.
united states	n.美国，合众国	The United States is a large and diverse country.
unity	n. 团结；统一，一致，整体	National unity is essential during a time of crisis.
universal	a. 普遍的,全体的,全球的	Human rights are considered to be universal and absolute.
universally	ad.普遍地，一般地	The discovery was universally praised by scientists.
universe	n. 宇宙，万物	The universe is believed to be billions of years old.
university	n. (综合)大学	She is studying modern history at the University of Oxford.
unjust	a.非正义的；不公平的	The decision was criticized for being unfair and unjust.
unkind	a.不仁慈的，不和善的	It was very unkind of him to say such a thing.
unknown	a.不知道的；未知的	The cause of the fire remains unknown.
unlawful	adj.不合法的，违法的	Smoking in public buildings is now unlawful in many countries.
unless	conj. 除非prep. 除…外	I'll be there by 7 PM unless the traffic is very heavy.
unlike	a. 不同的，不相似的prep. 不象，和…不同	She is very different and unlike her older sister.
unlikely	a. 未必的,不大可能的	It is unlikely that it will rain today.
unlimited	a.无限的；不定的	The plan offers unlimited access to the internet.
unload	vi. 卸货；退子弹vt. 摆脱…之负担；倾销	The workers were busy unloading the cargo from the ship.
unlock	vt.开…的锁；开启	He used the key to unlock the heavy door.
unlucky	a.不幸的；不吉的	He was very unlucky to lose his job just before the holidays.
unnecessary	a.不必要的，多余的	It was an unnecessary and costly mistake to make.
unobtainable	adj.无法得到的	The information was previously unobtainable to the general public.
unpaid	a.未付的；不支薪水的	There is still a small balance of unpaid fees on your account.
unpleasant	a.令人不快的，讨厌的	The smell in the room was quite unpleasant.
unprecedented	adj.前所未有的	The discovery led to an unprecedented amount of international interest.
unreasonable	a.不讲道理的；过度的	The cost of the repairs was absolutely unreasonable.
unsalable	adj.不好销售的	The product was rejected because it was considered unsalable.
unsatisfactory	a.不能令人满意的	The initial results of the trial were quite unsatisfactory.
unstable	a.不稳固的；不稳定的	The political situation in the region remains highly unstable.
unsuitable	a.不合适的，不适宜的	This movie is quite unsuitable for young children.
untie	vt.解开，松开；解放	Can you help me untie these tight knots?
until	conj./prep. 直到…为止，在…以前；直到…	We'll wait here until the rain stops.
unusable	adj.无法使用的	The old computer is now completely unusable.
unusual	a. 不平常的，与众不同的	It was a very unusual and mysterious sound.
unwarranted	adj.无根据的	The criticism was considered by many to be completely unwarranted.
unwelcome	adj.不受欢迎的	The news of the delay was very unwelcome.
unwilling	a.不愿意的	He was unwilling to accept the new proposal.
unworkable	adj.行不通的	His plan for a floating city was considered highly unworkable.
up	ad. 向上，…起来；…完；起床prep. 向上	The sun is already up.
upcreep	n.(价格)上涨	The upcreep in prices is a major concern for many families.
uphold	vt. 支持;赞成;确认	The court decided to uphold the previous ruling.
upon	prep. 在…上；在…旁[=on	The decision was based upon several different factors.
upper	a. 上面的；上部的，较高的	The upper floors of the building are used for offices.
upright	a. 垂直的,直立的;正直的	He is a very honest and upright man.
uproar	n. 骚动，喧嚣，鼎沸	The announcement was met with a massive uproar in the crowd.
upset	v. 使…心烦意乱；打翻，推翻a. 难过的；不安的	I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you.
upside	n.上面，上部	The upside of the situation is that we have more time.
upside-down	a.颠倒的，乱七八糟的	The car was lying upside-down in the ditch.
upstairs	ad. 向楼上；在楼上；上楼ad. 楼上的	The bedrooms are located upstairs.
up-to-date	a. 现代化的，最新的；跟上时代的	We need to keep our records up-to-date.
upward	a. 向上的，上升的ad. 向上	There has been a steady upward trend in prices.
uranium	n.铀	Uranium is a radioactive element used in nuclear reactors.
urban	a. 城市的，市内的	The urban population has doubled in the last decade.
urge	vt. 催促；怂恿；强调n. 强烈欲望，迫切要求	I urge you to consider the consequences of your decision.
urgent	a. 急迫的，紧要的，紧急的	The patient needs urgent medical attention.
urgently	adv.紧急地	The problem needs to be dealt with urgently.
us	pron. 我们(we的宾格形式)	Can you help us with these heavy bags?
usage	n. 使用，用法；习惯，习俗；惯用法	The manual explains the correct usage of the new machine.
use	n. 使/应用；用法/途；益/用处vt. 用；消耗	What is the best way to use this new software?
useful	a. 有用的，实用的；有益的，有帮助的	The information you provided was very useful.
usefulness	n.用处，有效性	The usefulness of the tool was verified by several tests.
useless	a.无用的，无价值的	The old machine is now completely useless.
user	n.用户，使用者	The new app is very simple and user-friendly.
usual	a. 通常的，平常的	I'll meet you at the usual time.
usually	ad. 通常，平常	I usually go to the gym after work.
utensil	n.器皿，用具	We have a large collection of kitchen utensils.
utility	n. 有用,实用;公用事业(煤气,水电)	The utility of the new policy is still being discussed.
utilization	n.利用，效用	The company is trying to maximize the utilization of its resources.
utilize	vt. 利用	We need to utilize all our resources to finish the project on time.
utmost	a. 最远的,最大的,极度的	He did his utmost to help everyone.
utter	v. 说，发出(声音)a. 彻底的，完全的	The shock of the news rendered her in a state of utter silence.
utterance	n.说话	His every utterance was carefully analyzed by the media.
vacancy	n.空缺，空位	The company has a vacancy for a junior marketing manager.
vacant	a. 空的,未被占用的;空虚的,无表情的	The hotel has several vacant rooms available for tonight.
vacation	n. 假期	We are planning to go to Hawaii for our summer vacation.
vaccinate	vt.给…种牛痘	The doctor advised her to vaccinate her children against the flu.
vaccination	n.接种	Mass vaccination programs have helped to eliminate several diseases.
vacuum	n. 真空	Sound cannot travel through a vacuum.
vague	a. 不明确的，含糊的，暧昧的	His answer was very vague and didn't really explain anything.
vain	a. 徒劳的,无效果的;自负的;不尊敬的	They made a vain attempt to rescue the trapped passengers.
vainly	adv.徒劳地	He tried vainly to open the locked door.
valid	a. 有效的；有根据的；正当的	Your passport must be valid for at least six months.
validity	n.有效，效力；正确	The validity of the test results was verified by several experts.
valley	n. (山)谷；流域	The village nestles in a quiet green valley.
valuable	a. 贵重的，有价值的n. (pl.)贵重物品，财宝	He has a collection of rare and valuable ancient coins.
value	n. 价格；价值；实用性v. 评价，估价；尊重	The value of the house has increased significantly in recent years.
valued	adj.宝贵的	He is a highly valued member of our team.
valve	n. 阀,活门	The heart has several valves that control the flow of blood.
van	n. 有篷汽车；有篷货运车厢	We used a large van to move all our furniture.
vanish	vi. 消失	The magician made the rabbit vanish into thin air.
vanity	n. 自大,虚荣;无价值,空虚	She was criticized for her excessive vanity and arrogance.
vapor	n. 汽，(水)蒸气	Water vapor condenses to form clouds in the sky.
variable	a. 变化的,可变的;n. 可变物,变量	The weather in this region is very variable and hard to predict.
variance	n.分歧，不一致	There is a significant variance between the two sets of data.
variant	adj.不同的，不一致的	The virus has several different variants circulating in the population.
variation	n. 变化，变动；变种，变异	There is a wide variation in the cost of living between cities.
varied	adj.不同的	The students come from very varied and diverse backgrounds.
variety	n. 种种，多种多样；种类，品种	The store sells a wide variety of fresh vegetables.
various	a. 各种各样的；不同的	There are various reasons why people decide to emigrate.
varnish	n.清漆	He applied a coat of varnish to the wooden table.
vary	vt. 改变，变化；使多样化	The prices of the rooms vary depending on the season.
vase	n. 花瓶，瓶	She put the fresh flowers in a beautiful ceramic vase.
vast	a. 巨大的，辽阔的，大量的；巨额的	The desert covers a vast area of the continent.
vault	n.拱顶；地下室，地窖	The bank keeps its gold reserves in a highly secure vault.
vegetable	n. 蔬菜，植物a. 植物的，蔬菜的	Eating plenty of fresh vegetables is good for your health.
vehicle	n. 车辆交通工具,思想媒介	The car is the most common vehicle for personal transport.
veil	n. 面纱，遮蔽物v. 用面纱掩盖，掩饰	The bride wore a delicate white lace veil.
vein	n. 血管；静脉；叶脉；纹理；情绪vt. 使成脉络	The leaves have very distinctive veins on their surface.
velocity	n. 速度，速率	The airplane was travelling at a high velocity.
velvet	n. 丝绒，天鹅绒a. 丝绒制的，柔软的	The curtains were made of soft red velvet.
vender	n.商贩	The street vender was selling fresh fruit and vegetables.
vengeance	n. 报仇	He spent years planning his vengeance against his former partner.
ventilate	vt. 使通风;公开讨论	Please open the windows to ventilate the room.
ventilation	n.通风	The building has an efficient natural ventilation system.
venture	n. 风险投资,(商业等的)风险项目 vi. 冒险, 大胆行事 vt. 敢于,大胆表示;拿…冒险,冒…的险	The new business venture turned out to be very successful.
Venus	n.维纳斯；美人；色情	Venus is often visible in the early morning sky.
verb	n. 动词	In the sentence 'She runs fast', 'runs' is a verb.
verbal	a. 言语的,字句的;口头的	They made a verbal agreement to finish the work by Friday.
verge	n. 边缘,边界	The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
verification	n.检验	The project requires independent verification of the data.
verify	vt. 证实，查证；证明	Scientists are working to verify the initial results of the study.
versatile	a. 多才多艺的;多功能的	He is a very versatile actor who can play many different roles.
verse	n. 韵文，诗；诗节，诗句	The poem is written in a simple and repetitive verse.
version	n. 版本；译本，译文；说法	The new version of the software includes several improved features.
versus	prep. (诉讼或比赛中)对	The final game will be France versus Italy.
vertical	a. 垂直的 n. 垂直线	The walls of the building are perfectly vertical.
very	ad. 很，非常；完全a. 正是的；真正，真实的	Thank you very much for all your help.
vessel	n. 容器,船	A large cargo vessel was docked at the harbor.
vest	n. 背心，马甲；汗衫，内衣	He wore a smart grey vest over his white shirt.
veteran	n. 老手，老兵	He is a veteran of several major international conflicts.
veto	n. 否决,禁止,否决权 vt. 否决,禁止	The president decided to veto the new bill.
vex	vt. 使烦恼,使苦恼	The constant noise from the street began to vex her.
via	prep. 径,由	I sent the message via email yesterday afternoon.
vibrate	v. 摆动;振动	The phone began to vibrate on the table.
vibration	n.颤动，振动；摆动	The heavy truck caused a strong vibration in the house.
vice	n. 罪恶;不道德行为	He was seen as a man of many vices and few virtues.
vicinity	n. 邻近,附近	There are several good restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel.
vicious	a. 恶意的,恶毒的;危险的,会造成伤害的	The dog was known for its vicious and aggressive behavior.
victim	n. 牺牲品，受害者	The organization provides support for victims of domestic violence.
victorious	a.胜利的，得胜的	The victorious team was greeted by thousands of fans.
victory	n. 胜利	Everyone celebrated the historic victory over the enemy.
video	n. 电视，视频；录像a. 电视的，视频的；录像的	We watched several interesting videos about space exploration.
view	n. 视野；风景；观察；见解；照片vt. 观察；认为	The hotel offers rooms with a beautiful view of the ocean.
viewer	n.观察者，电视观众	The show attracted millions of viewers across the country.
viewpoint	n. 观点	From my viewpoint, the new proposal is acceptable.
vigor	n.活动，精力，元气	The young athlete showed great vigor and energy.
vigorous	a. 强有力的,精力充沛的	The company is conducting a vigorous marketing campaign.
villa	n.别墅；城郊小屋	They decided to rent a beautiful villa near the beach.
village	n. 村，村庄	We live in a small quiet village in the countryside.
villain	n.坏蛋	In many stories, the hero defeats the wicked villain.
vine	n.葡萄树	The wall was covered in thick green vines.
vinegar	n. 醋	I like to add some vinegar and oil to my salad.
violate	vt.	The company was accused of violating safety regulations.
violation	n.违犯；侵犯，妨碍	The police reported several violations of the traffic laws.
violence	n. 猛烈，强烈；暴力，暴行；强暴	The government is working to reduce domestic violence.
violent	a. 猛烈的;凶暴的;由暴力引起的;强烈的,厉害的	The storm was so violent that it blew down several trees.
violet	n. 紫罗兰，紫色a. 紫色的	She was wearing a beautiful dress in a light shade of violet.
violin	n. 小提琴	She has been playing the violin since she was five.
virgin	n. 处女a. 处女的；纯洁的；原始的；未使用的	The area is home to several square miles of virgin forest.
virtual	a. 实际上的，事实上的	The company has a virtual monopoly on the market.
virtually	ad. 实际上,事实上	He has virtually no experience in this field.
virtue	n. 德行，美德；贞操；优点；功效，效力	Patience is a virtue.
virus	n. 病毒	The computer was infected by a malicious virus.
visa	n. (护照等的)签证；维萨信用卡vt. 签证	I need to apply for a visa for my trip to China.
viscous	a.粘滞的，粘性的	The liquid was thick and viscous like honey.
visible	a. 可见的	The stars were clearly visible in the night sky.
vision	n. 视力，视觉；远见；洞察力；幻想，幻影；想象力	He is a visionary leader with a clear vision for the future.
visit	n. 访问，参观v. 访问，参观；视察；降临；闲谈	We decided to visit my grandparents for the weekend.
visitor	n. 访问者，客人，来宾，参观者	Thousands of visitors come to the city every year.
visual	a. 看的，看得见的；视觉的	The documentary provides a detailed visual record of the events.
vital	a. 生命的;必需的;极其重要的	Regular exercise is vital for maintaining good health.
vitamin	n. 维生素	Fresh fruit and vegetables are good sources of vitamins.
vivid	a. 鲜艳的;活泼的,有生气的;清晰的	She gave a very vivid account of her trip to Italy.
vividly	adv.生动地	I still remember the day vividly, even after all these years.
vividness	n.生动(性)	The artist captured the vividness of the colors in the landscape.
vocabulary	n. 词汇，词汇量；词汇表	Reading is a great way to improve your English vocabulary.
vocation	n. 职业；召唤；天命；天职；才能	He felt a strong vocation to become a doctor.
vogue	n. 流行物,时髦	Big hats were very much in vogue during that period.
voice	n. 声音；嗓音；发音能力；意见，发言权；语态	I recognized her voice instantly on the phone.
voiceless	adj.无声的	The voiceless consonants are produced without using the vocal cords.
void	n. 真空,空白;空虚感;空隙; a. 无效的;空的,没有的,缺乏的;vt. 使无效	The contract was declared null and void.
volcano	n. 火山	The volcano erupted last night, causing widespread damage.
volley	n. &v.齐射	The soldiers fired a volley of shots into the air.
volleyball	n. 排球	She plays volleyball for the local high school team.
volt	n. 伏特	The car uses a twelve-volt battery.
voltage	n. 电压	Please check the voltage before using the machine.
volume	n. 容积，体积；卷，册；音量	The library has over twenty thousand volumes.
voluntary	a. 自愿的,志愿的;有意的	Joining the project is entirely voluntary.
volunteer	n./v. 自愿(者，兵)；自愿(提供)	She works as a volunteer at the local animal shelter.
vote	n. 投票，表决；选票，选票数v. 投票，表决	Everyone has the right to vote in the national election.
voter	n.投票人，选举人	The latest opinion poll shows a drop in support among voters.
voting	adj.有投票权的	The voting process was carried out in an orderly fashion.
vouch	v.担保	I can vouch for his honesty and reliability.
voucher	n. 收据,凭单	I received a ten dollar gift voucher for the bookstore.
vow	n. 誓约,许愿	They took a vow to protect and support each other.
vowel	n. 元音，元音字母	In English, 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', and 'u' are vowels.
voyage	n. 航海；航行；旅行	The voyage across the Atlantic took several weeks.
vulgar	a. 粗俗的,趣味不高的,通俗的,庸俗的	His vulgar and offensive language was criticized by everyone.
vulnerability	n.易损性	The discovery of the software vulnerability was a major concern.
vulnerable	a. 易受伤的,脆弱的;易受攻击的,难防御的	The elderly are especially vulnerable to the flu during winter.
wade	vt.趟(河)，跋涉	The hikers had to wade across the small stream.
wag	vt.摇，摇摆，摆动	The dog began to wag its tail in excitement.
wage	n. 周薪 vt. 从事(战争等)	The government decided to raise the minimum wage.
wagon	n. 运货马车，运货车；敞蓬车厢	The farmer used a wagon to carry the hay.
waist	n. 腰，腰部	She wore a beautiful gold belt around her waist.
wait	v. (for)等待；(on)侍候n. 等候，等待时间	Please wait for me in front of the cinema.
waiter	n. 侍者，服务员	The waiter brought our drinks to the table.
waitress	n. 女侍者，女服务员	The waitress was very friendly and helpful.
waive	v.放弃(要求、权利)	The company decided to waive the late payment fee.
wake	v. 醒来，唤醒；使觉醒，激发，引起	I usually wake up at 7 AM every morning.
waken	v. 醒，弄醒，唤醒	The loud noise served to waken everyone in the building.
walk	v. 走，步行，散步；走遍n. 走，步行，散步	We went for a relaxing walk in the park on Sunday.
walker	n.步行者，散步者	The park is a popular spot for morning walkers.
wall	n. 墙，壁，围墙vt. 筑墙围住，用墙隔开	The garden is surrounded by a tall brick wall.
wallet	n. 皮夹，钱包	I found my wallet on the kitchen table.
walnut	n.胡桃，核桃树	I like to add some chopped walnuts to my brownies.
wander	v. 漫游;迷路;离题	The children spent the afternoon wandering through the forest.
want	vt. 想要；希望；需要；缺，缺少n. 需要；短缺	What do you want for your birthday present?
war	n. 战争(状态)；冲突vi. 作战	Everyone hopes for an end to the war in the region.
ward	n. 病房；行政区；监护；被监护人vt. 挡住	The patient is staying in the children's ward of the hospital.
wardrobe	n. 衣柜,衣橱,全部服装,剧服,行头	She has a very large and varied wardrobe.
ware	n.商品，货物；物品	The museum has a collection of ancient Roman pottery wares.
warehouse	n. 仓库	The goods are stored in a large warehouse near the port.
warehousing	n.仓储	The company provides specialized warehousing services for business data.
warfare	n. 战争(状态)；斗争；冲突	The novel explores the effects of psychological warfare.
warm	a. 温暖的，热心的，热情的v. (使)变暖	The weather is very warm and sunny today.
warmly	adv.热烈地，热情地	The guests were warmly greeted by the host.
warmth	n. 暖和，温暖；热心，热情	The warmth of the sun felt pleasant on her skin.
warn	vt. 警告vi. 发出警告	The weather station warned of a coming storm.
warning	n.警告，告诫，鉴诫	The siren served as a final warning to everyone.
warrant	n. 正当理由；许可证，委任状v. 保证，担保	The police had a search warrant for the suspect's house.
warranted	adj.担保的	The criticism was considered by many to be warranted.
warranty	n. 书面担保书,保证书	The new car comes with a three-year warranty.
warrior	n.勇士，战士	In the story, the brave warrior rescues the village.
warship	n.军舰	Several large warships were seen in the distance.
wash	n. 洗；洗的衣物vt. 冲刷，洗；冲出vi. 洗澡	Don't forget to wash your hands before dinner.
washing-machine	n.洗衣机	The washing-machine is broken and needs to be fixed.
wasp	n.黄蜂，蚂蜂	He was stung by a wasp while gardening.
waste	v. 浪费a. 无用的；荒芜的n. 浪费；废物	Don't waste your time on things that don't matter.
wasteful	a.浪费的；破坏性的	The current production process is very wasteful and inefficient.
watch	v. 观看；看守；(for)窥伺，等待n. 看管；表	I like to watch the news every evening.
watchful	a.注意的，警惕的	The dog kept a watchful eye on the stranger.
water	n. 水vt. 浇灌；给…饮水vi. 流泪，加水	I'd like a glass of cold water, please.
waterfall	n. 瀑布	The Niagara Falls is one of the most famous waterfalls in the world.
waterfront	n.水边，滩	They took a walk along the city's beautiful waterfront.
waterproof	a. 防水的，耐水的	I bought a new pair of waterproof boots for the winter.
watertight	a.不漏水的，防水的	The container has a perfectly watertight seal.
watery	a.水的；湿的；乏味的	The soup was a bit watery and lacked flavor.
watt	n. 瓦，瓦特	The light bulb uses sixty watts of electricity.
wave	n. 波浪；(挥手)示意；飘扬v. (挥手)示意，致意	She gave a quick wave as the train pulled away.
wavelength	n.波长	The radio station transmits its signal on a specific wavelength.
waver	vi.摇摆；犹豫不决	He didn't waver in his decision to leave.
waving	adj.波浪状的	She was waving her hand to catch his attention.
wax	n. 蜡，蜂蜡v. 打蜡	The floor has been freshly covered in a coat of wax.
way	n. 道路，路程；方法/式，手段；习惯；状态	What is the best way to get to the airport?
we	pron．我们<主格>	We are going to the beach tomorrow morning.
weak	a. 虚弱的，软弱的；不够标准的；淡薄的，稀的	He felt very weak and tired after the long illness.
weakness	n.虚弱，软弱；弱点	The report highlighted several weaknesses in the new policy.
wealth	n. 财富，财产；大量	The country has a vast amount of natural wealth.
wealthy	a. 富有的，丰裕的，充分的n. 富人，有钱人	He comes from a very wealthy and influential family.
weapon	n. 武器，兵器	Nuclear weapons are a major threat to global security.
wear	v. 穿着，戴着；磨损，用旧n. 穿，戴；磨损	She likes to wear bright and colorful clothes.
weary	a. 疲倦的,困乏的;令人厌倦的	He was weary after the long and difficult journey.
weather	n. 天气，气象	The weather is expected to be sunny and warm all week.
weave	vt./vi. 织,编织;编排;迂回	She is learning how to weave traditional blankets.
weaver	n.织布工，编织者	The old weaver was famous for his beautiful silk fabrics.
web	n. 网	The spider spent all afternoon weaving a massive web.
wedding	n. 婚礼	They are planning a large and formal wedding for next June.
wedge	n. 楔子;楔形物;vt. 挤进;把…楔住	He used a wooden wedge to keep the door open.
Wednesday	n. 星期三	The meeting is scheduled for next Wednesday morning.
weed	n. 杂草，野草v. 除草，锄草	The garden was full of tall green weeds.
week	n. 星期，周	I'll see you in a week.
weekday	n. 平常日，工作日	I usually wake up at 7 AM on weekdays.
weekend	n. 周末	What are you going to do this weekend?
weekly	a. 每星期的，一周的ad. 每周一次n. 周刊，周报	The magazine is published on a weekly basis.
weep	v. 哭泣，流泪；滴下n. 哭泣	She began to weep after she heard the sad news.
weigh	v. 称…重量，称；重达；考虑，权衡	Can you please weigh this parcel for me?
weight	n. 重量；负荷，重担；重要性，分量；砝码，秤砣	The suitcase has a maximum weight of twenty kilograms.
welcome	int. 欢迎a. 受欢迎的vt./n. 欢迎；迎接	Welcome to our new home!
weld	v./n. 焊接	The mechanic used a torch to weld the two pieces of metal together.
welfare	n. 幸福,福利,社会保障	The organization is working to improve the welfare of the poor.
well	ad. 好，令人满意地；很int. 哎呀，好啦，嗯	I hope you are feeling well today.
well-known	a. 有名的，著名的	He is a well-known expert in the field of modern history.
west	n./a. 西，西方(的)，西部(的)ad. 向西	The sun sets in the west.
western	a. 西方的，西部的	The western part of the country is mostly desert.
westerner	n.西方人，欧美人	Many westerners come to China to learn about the culture.
westward	a.向西的 ad.向西	The explorers continued their journey westward across the prairie.
wet	a. 湿的，潮湿的；有雨的，多雨的v. 弄湿，沾湿	Be careful not to get your shoes wet.
whale	n. 鲸；庞然大物	The blue whale is the largest animal on Earth.
whaling	n.捕鲸(业)	International laws strictly control the practice of commercial whaling.
wharf	n.码头，停泊所	The ship is docked at the main wharf of the harbor.
what	pron. 什么a. 多么，何等；什么；尽可能多的	What is your favorite color?
whatever	pron. 无论什么a. 无论什么样的	You can do whatever you want this weekend.
wheat	n. 小麦	Wheat is a major crop in this part of the country.
wheel	n. 轮，车轮	The car has four large wheels.
when	ad./pron. 何时；当时conj. 那时；然后；而	When did you finish your homework?
whenever	conj. 无论何时，随时；每当	I'll help you whenever you need it.
where	ad. 在哪/那里conj./pron. 哪里conj. 然而	Where do you live?
whereabouts	n.下落,去向  adv.在什么地方,靠近什么地方	The police are still searching for his whereabouts.
whereas	conj. 鉴于;反之	Some people prefer coffee, whereas others prefer tea.
whereby	ad. 凭什么,靠那个,借以	The company introduced a new system whereby employees can work from home.
wherein	adv.在何处	The report explains the rules and the penalties specified wherein.
wherever	conj. 无论在哪里ad. 无论在哪里，究竟在哪里	You can sit wherever you like.
whether	conj. 是否，会不会，不管，无论	I don't know whether he will come to the party or not.
which	a./pron. 哪个，哪些；什么样的；那个，那些	Which book is yours?
whichever	pron./a. 无论哪个，无论哪些	You can choose whichever one you like the best.
while	conj. 当…的时候；而；虽然；尽管n. 一会儿	I'll wait here while you go inside.
whilst	conj. 当…时候,有时,时时	Whilst I understand your concern, I cannot change the decision.
whip	n. 鞭子,政党的组织秘书,发给议员要求辩论的命题 v. 鞭笞,抽打	He used a leather whip to drive the horse.
whirl	vt./vi. 使旋转;眩晕	The leaves began to whirl in the strong wind.
whisker	n.髯，连鬓胡子	The cat was washing its long white whiskers.
whisky	n.威士忌酒	He ordered a glass of Scotch whisky at the bar.
whisper	v. 耳语；私下说，偷偷告诉n. 耳语；传闻	She whispered the secret into his ear.
whistle	n. 口哨，汽笛；口哨声，汽笛声v. 吹口哨；鸣笛	The referee blew the whistle to end the game.
white	a. 白色的；苍白的；白种的n. 白色；白种人	She wore a beautiful white silk dress to the wedding.
whitewash	vt.粉刷，涂白	They decided to whitewash the garden wall.
who	pron. 谁，什么人；…的人；他，她，他们	Who is the owner of this beautiful house?
whoever	pron.谁；无论谁；究竟是谁	Whoever did this should be ashamed of themselves.
whole	n. 全部a. 全体的；全部的；完整的；无缺的	I ate the whole cake by myself.
wholesale	n. 批发	The company sells its products at wholesale prices to retailers.
wholesaler	n.批发商	He works for a major wholesaler of electronic components.
wholesome	a. 健康的,有益于健康的	The restaurant offers a variety of wholesome and healthy meals.
wholly	ad. 完全地，全部，一概	The decision was wholly based on financial factors.
whom	pron. 谁；哪个人(who的宾格)	Whom did you see at the party last night?
whose	pron. 谁的；哪(个)人的，那些(人)的	Whose keys are these?
why	ad./conj. 为什么；…的理由int. 咳，哎呀	I don't know why he is late.
wicked	a. 坏的;邪恶的	In the story, the hero defeats the wicked witch.
wide	a. 宽阔的；睁大的；远离的ad. 广阔地；偏差地	The river is very wide and deep here.
widely	ad.广，广泛	The news was widely reported in the international media.
widen	vt.加宽 vi.变宽	They are planning to widen the main road.
widespread	a. 分布广泛的，普遍的	The new policy met with widespread support from the public.
widow	n. 寡妇	She became a widow after her husband died last year.
widower	n.鳏夫	The old widower lived a quiet life in his small cottage.
width	n. 宽阔,宽度	What is the exact width of the room?
wield	vt. 使用,行使	He knows how to wield a sword with great skill.
wife	n. 妻子，夫人，太太	His wife works as a professional heart surgeon.
wild	a. 野性的，野生的；野蛮的；狂热的；荒芜的	We saw several wild horses running across the prairie.
wilderness	n. 荒地,废墟	The explorers set off into the deep wilderness.
will	aux./v. 将；会；愿意n. 意志；决心；愿望	I will call you as soon as I arrive.
willing	a. 愿意的，乐意的，心甘情愿的	I am willing to help you with your project.
willingly	adv.乐意地，自愿地	She willingly accepted the new responsibilities.
willingness	n.乐意，自愿	He showed a great willingness to learn and improve.
willow	n.柳树，柳木	The pond was surrounded by several large willow trees.
win	vi. 获胜，赢vt. 赢得；在…中获胜n. 胜利	Our team won the final game by three goals.
wind	n. 风；气息v. 转动；缠绕；上发条，；蜿蜒而行	The wind blew my hat off.
winding	n.卷绕着的线a.卷曲的	The road follows a winding path through the mountains.
windmill	n.风车	The old windmill was used to pump water from the well.
window	n. 窗，窗口	Please close the window; it's getting cold.
windowsill	n.窗台	A small flower pot was sitting on the windowsill.
windy	a.多风的，刮风的	It was a very cold and windy day.
wine	n. 葡萄酒，果酒	I'd like a glass of red wine with my dinner, please.
winery	n.酿酒厂	We visited a local winery during our holiday in Italy.
wing	n. 翅，翅膀；翼，机翼；派别vt. 装以翼	The bird has a broken wing and cannot fly.
wink	v. (使)眨眼；眨眼示意n. 眨眼；小睡，打盹	He gave her a quick wink and smiled.
winner	n.获胜者，优胜者	The winners of the competition will be announced tomorrow.
winter	n. 冬季，冬天	We had a very cold and snowy winter last year.
wipe	v./n. 擦，揩，抹	Please wipe your feet on the mat.
wire	n. 金属线，电线；电报，电信v. 发电报(给)	I need a piece of wire to fix the fence.
wireless	a.不用电线的，无线的	The house has a high-speed wireless internet connection.
wisdom	n. 智慧,才智,明智的思想言论	Experience is the mother of wisdom.
wise	a. 有智慧的，聪明的	It was a wise decision to save some money for the future.
wish	v. 希望；但愿；祝n. 愿望，希望；[pl.	I wish you the best of luck with your new job.
wit	n. 智力,才智	He is known for his quick wit and sharp sense of humor.
with	prep. 跟…一起；用；具有；关于；因；随着	I'm going to the store with my sister.
withdraw	vt./vi. 收回,取回;撤回;撤退	He decided to withdraw all his money from the bank.
withdrawal	n.撤退，取款	The withdrawal of the troops took several weeks.
wither	vt./vi. 使枯萎,使凋谢;使人感觉羞惭或迷惑	The plants began to wither in the hot sun.
withhold	vt. 拒绝给某事物;抑制	The company decided to withhold the information from the public.
within	prep. 在…里面，在…以内ad. 在内	The project must be finished within the next two weeks.
without	prep. 无，没有n. 外面，外部	I can't finish the work without your help.
withstand	vt. 顶住,挡住;经受,承受	The building was designed to withstand strong earthquakes.
witness	n. 目击者,见证人;证据,证言 vt. 目击,注意到;为…作证,证明	The witness gave a detailed account of the accident.
witty	a.机智的；风趣的	He is a very witty and entertaining speaker.
woe	n.悲哀，悲痛，苦恼	The country's economic woes continue to increase.
wolf	n. 狼	A lone wolf was seen prowling in the forest.
woman	n. 妇女，成年女子	She is a very successful and respected professional woman.
wonder	n. 惊奇，惊异；奇迹，奇事v. (at)诧异；想知道	I wonder why he is so late.
wonderful	a. 惊人的，奇妙的；极好的	We had a wonderful time at the beach yesterday.
wood	n. 木材，木头，木料；(pl.)森林，林地	The table is made of solid oak wood.
wooden	a. 木制的；呆笨的	He used a wooden spoon to stir the soup.
woodpecker	n.啄木鸟	We heard the sound of a woodpecker tapping on a tree.
woods	n.树林	They decided to go for a walk in the woods.
wool	n. 羊毛，毛线，毛织品	This sweater is made of 100% pure wool.
woollen	a.羊毛制的，毛线的	I wore a warm woollen scarf on the cold day.
word	n. 词，词语；言语，话；谈话；消息，信息	What is the meaning of this word?
wording	n. 措辞	The wording of the contract was very precise.
wordy	adj.冗长的，罗嗦的	His explanation was a bit wordy and hard to follow.
work	n. 工作(量)；作品；[pl.	I have a lot of work to do before the weekend.
workable	adj.可行的，起作用的	The committee decided that the new plan was workable.
worker	n. 工人，工作者，工作人员	Many skilled workers were involved in the project.
workman	n.工人，劳动者，工匠	The workman arrived this morning to fix the roof.
workmanship	n.工艺，手艺	The quality of the workmanship on the furniture is excellent.
works	n.工厂,作品,善行	He is studying the complete works of Shakespeare.
workshop	n. 车间，工场，修理厂；研讨会，讲习班	The carpenter has a small workshop in his backyard.
world	n. 世界，地球；…界，领域；世间；全世界	Technology has changed the world in many ways.
worldwide	a. 全世界的，世界范围的ad. 遍及全世界	The company has a worldwide reputation for quality.
worm	n. 虫，蠕虫	The birds were busy looking for worms in the grass.
worry	v. 烦恼；(about)对…感到烦恼n. 烦恼，焦虑	Don't worry about the results; you did your best.
worse	a./ad. 更坏，更差(的/地)	The weather is expected to get worse tomorrow.
worship	n. 礼拜，礼拜仪式；崇拜v. 崇拜，敬仰；做礼拜	Thousands of people visit the temple to worship.
worst	a./ad. 最坏(的)，最差(的)	That was the worst movie I've ever seen.
worth	n. 价值a. 值…的，价值…的，值得…的	The diamond is worth several thousand dollars.
worthless	a.无价值的，无用的	The information turned out to be completely worthless.
worthwhile	a. 值得(花时间、精力)的;合算的	The experience was very worthwhile and rewarding.
worthy	a. (of)值得…的，配得上…的；有价值的	His actions were worthy of high praise.
wound	n. 创伤，伤口v. 伤，伤害	The nurse cleaned the wound carefully.
wounded	adj.受伤的n.伤员	The wounded soldiers were taken to the nearest hospital.
wrap	vt./vi. 包裹	I need to wrap the gift for the birthday party.
wrapper	n.包装纸,封皮，包装用品	He threw the candy wrapper in the bin.
wrath	n.暴怒，狂怒，愤慨	He feared the wrath of his angry boss.
wreath	n. 花环，花圈	A wreath was placed at the memorial to honor the fallen.
wreck	n. 破坏,船舶失事;失事船只	The car was a total wreck after the accident.
wrench	n./vt. 猛扭,猛拉	He used a wrench to loosen the tight bolt.
wrestle	vi. 摔跤,角斗;斗争,努力	They decided to wrestle to see who was stronger.
wretched	a. 不幸的,可怜的;令人难受的	The poor dog looked very wretched and hungry.
wring	vt.拧，挤，扭，榨	He had to wring the wet towel before hanging it up.
wrinkle	n. 皱纹v. 起皱，皱眉	She has a few wrinkles around her eyes.
wrist	n. 腕，腕关节	He wore a smart watch on his left wrist.
write	v. 写，书写，写字；写作；写信(给)，函告	Don't forget to write your name at the top.
writer	n. 作者，作家，复写器	He is a famous professional writer of children's books.
writing	n. 写，写作；著作，作品	Her writing is very clear and easy to understand.
written	adj.写作的，书面的	Please provide a written explanation for your absence.
wrong	a. 错的ad. 错误地，不正确地n. 错误v. 委屈	I'm sorry, I think you have the wrong number.
wrongly	adv.错误地，不正当地	He was wrongly accused of a crime he didn't commit.
xerox	vt.&vi.用静电复印	Can you please xerox this document for me?
x-ray	n. X射线，X光	The doctor ordered an X-ray of his broken arm.
yacht	n. 小帆船,快艇,帆船	They spent the weekend sailing on their new luxury yacht.
yard	n. 院,场地,码	The kids were playing soccer in the backyard.
yawn	vi. 打呵欠,张开	She couldn't stop yawning during the long meeting.
year	n. 年，年度，学年a./ad. 每年，一年一次	I wish you a very happy and successful New Year.
yearly	a. 每年的，一年一度的ad. 每年，一年一次地	The company publishes a yearly report on its performance.
yearn	vi. 想念,渴望	She had a deep yearning to return to her homeland.
yeast	n.酵母	You need to add yeast to the dough to make it rise.
yell	vi. 大叫；呼喊vt. 叫着说n. 叫声；喊声	Don't yell; I can hear you perfectly.
yellow	a. 黄的，黄色的n. 黄色	The field was full of bright yellow sunflowers.
yes	ad. 是[用于肯定句前	Yes, I will finish the work by tonight.
yesterday	n./ad. 昨天；前不久	I finished the project yesterday afternoon.
yet	ad. 还，尚，仍然；已经conj. 然而ad. 甚至	I haven't seen the movie yet, but I'd love to.
yield	vt./vi. 生产;生长;让步;投降;屈服;n. 产量	The farmers expect a very high yield of wheat this year.
yoke	n. 牛轭;枷锁;纽带	The oxen were pulling the heavy plow with a wooden yoke.
yolk	n.蛋黄，卵黄	I like to have soft-boiled eggs with runny yolks.
you	pron. 你；你们；一个人，任何人	Can you help me with this problem?
young	a. 年轻的，幼小的；没经验的n. 青年人	She is a very talented and energetic young woman.
youngster	n. 小伙子，年轻人；少年，儿童	The youngsters were having fun playing in the park.
your	pron. 你的，你们的	What is your favorite book?
yourself	pron. 你自己；你亲自	You should be proud of yourself for your achievements.
youth	n. 青年；年轻人	He spent his youth travelling all over the world.
youthful	a.年轻的，青年的	She has a very youthful and energetic personality.
zeal	n. 热心,热情	She showed great zeal and enthusiasm for her work.
zealous	a.热心的，热情的	He is a zealous supporter of the local environmental campaign.
zebra	n. 斑马	We saw several zebras grazing on the savanna.
zero	n. 零，零度num. 零	The temperature dropped to zero degrees last night.
zinc	n. 锌	Zinc is a common metal used in many different industries.
zip	v. (用拉链或像拉链那样)合上或打开	Please zip up your jacket; it's getting cold.
zipcode	n.邮政编码	Don't forget to include your zipcode on the envelope.
zipper	n.拉链,装拉链的包	The zipper on my bag is broken and needs to be fixed.
zone	n. 地区，区域v. 分区，划分地带	The city is divided into several different residential zones.
zoo	n. 动物园	The kids were excited to visit the local zoo.
zoology	n. 动物学	She is studying zoology and animal behavior at university.
